comments
"An unironic ""cocaine is safer than the COVID vaccine"" take in the Victor Richards is actually alive thread is not quite something I was expecting."
"damn, it's fucked up because I feel like if you were to equalize for height, Terence actually looks better than Chris, but Chris' height really puts in work making him look better."
Wait come back I liked that joke
"Thanks for the appreciation man. Will come back soon for sure, chatting around here always feels good tbh!"
No offence taken! I know I’m small hence my trying to bulk! What I’m trying to say is if I’m trying to bulk should I do a carb on and off phase or is that something else? I’m very new this this all so ignore my arrogance
Currently running Creeping death 2 and plan on bulk rest of the year as well. At first the constant exercise switching was different for me but after approximately a month into this I can see why it's written as is. Such a mind reliever to just follow a plan and solely focus on putting in the work.
bulking and getting stronger but i’m getting a big belly.  I drink BCAAs everyday which has creatine HCL and I drink pre or post workout shakes almost everyday.   Is this contributing to the belly?  I feel like I’m eating sorta clean but am starting to blame the supplements for the bloat
saves a ton of time and I'm pretty sure it saves water (source needed). I can't imagine not peeing in the shower
"I use that feeling as a barometer for mental/emotional  work that I need to engage outside/before the gym. Remember I’m only speaking for myself here(also a former obese kid/adult) so take this experience as an individual one and apply it however it works for you. But if I’m feeling defeated or unmotivated inside the gym instead of telling myself the usuals “stay positive, get motivated, don’t be a bitch, etc” or whatever external cue that places judgment or adds further trauma to my experience with my body(remember former obese body that’s used to internalizing external judgements) I try to give myself a little compassion for having that unmotivated feeling and I’m practicing acknowledging it rather than pushing that feeling away.

Stepping into the gym for me is about getting closer to a truer more present relationship with my body rather than pushing it again just to feel more trauma and more negative associated discomfort. I don’t want to have gotten into a strong place in my body only to feel the same negative responses as when I was obese(please note that there are plenty of obese people perfectly in love with their body and their experience so this is not a judgement of that body type).

To make a long and complicated answer even longer, when that feeling comes up acknowledge first and then work past it as much as makes you comfortable THAT DAY. Some days you’ll be motivated to push past 0%, some days you’ll want to give it 110% but the key is to give yourself space and kindness enough for whatever percent you land on that day. Then use it as an indicator of the mental and emotional work to be done outside the gym. To get more in tune to where you’re actually at mentally and what kind of support and care you need in your day to day. 

Maybe it’s as simple as “I didn’t get enough sleep”, “I need to fuel myself better before the gym”, “I need better intra-workout fuel”, “it’s just an off day, etc or it’s as complex as “I really should attend to my anxiety outside the gym”, “I should resolve that fight I had with my friend” etc. It will all change day to day, that you can be sure of. Just give yourself time to practice being present with it. It really only takes moments.

Lastly, don’t forget to acknowledge your wins, your good days. Those can be motivating and can also teach you just how ethereal they are so it’s ok when you aren’t having a win day.

Day by day friend. You’re doing well for where you’re at now and you should be proud that you’re taking steps to get healthy and build a healthy relationship with your body and mind. Stay safe and keep being kind to yourself."
Bcuz No reason to be in a deficit everyday to start the prep
Thank you
"Hello! Thank you for the breakdown. I’ll start checking out the weekly discussion threads and start jumping in on the conversations. Figured it never hurts to ask, especially when learning the ins and outs of how a community currently works."
[This shit is a multivitamin with 100 mgs of caffeine.](https://herbalife24.com/wp-content/themes/herbalife24/images/label-prepare.jpg)
Rough day :/ still holding tho
"OK I love Derek and his channel, but I just got in some total war pre and for the price I prefer it over gorilla mode."
"Loss of libido, elevated resting heartrate, loss of motivation for training and brain fog.

The only time I Really felt it was after 40 weeks of non-stop PL training. It doesnt happen easily."
No.
Well done! Great work
I would like to see those arms properly syntholed come next year
"Not just saying this because he’s my best friend, but absolutely freaky as fuck."
Surely you have met him
"Glycogen repletion doesn't matter that much unless you're planning on hitting the muscle again the next day and even then you should be good. It's really only a concern if subsequent performance is critical (i.e. runners, cyclists) and you actually depleted a ton of glycogen. Otherwise you do have the benefits of being in a caloric surplus for muscle building but not necessarily related to glycogen."
yeah this is what i do
Anyone else feel like they have super shallow ab insertions?
True dat!
Congrats man
Geez it's like you guys think I just sit here and make shit up for lolz
"Those quads are insane. 

And his rear delts absolutely blew tf up 👀"
"Nice. Honestly, I'd start your business program early if you can. I ended up having to stay at school another semester because I couldnt take class B until I took class A, etc. Maybe your first semester start with intro to bus, intro to economics, a&amp;p, and statistics, maybe add in an elective and keep a lot of your ""core classes"" sprinkled throughout. Learn from my shitty advisor, start your pre-req major classes as soon as you can."
"&gt;get big-ish

I admire your innocence."
"Now, this is an insightful comment. Very true."
"&gt;your girlfriend

you've already lost me"
"Thanks, man. The tendonitis isn't so bad anymore.  Still can't deadlift very heavy raw or get away with anything but bodyweight chinups, but that's still a huge improvement from last year.

I can do sets of 20 for bodyweight dips when I couldn't even do one last year. 

I haven't blasted since Spring of this year. Probably gonna bulk again in September."
"Sounds like those calories are working for you so far. Something to keep in mind, your weight loss will plateau/stop. Don't get upset, just means you have to increase the deficit (lowering calories and/or increasing cardio). 

&gt;If those things do happen during a long cut, how would I counteract that? By eating my maintenance calorie amount for awhile?

They are not guaranteed - just possible. Especially if you go into lengthy cuts.

Diet breaks - going back to maintenance is a good tactic. Especially when you don't have a specific end date necessary for the cut."
Better calves… don’t we all?
Thanks!
What’s wrong with my protein? Other than their customer service
"Thanks mate, yeah finally doing a proper off-season, not just winging it haha. Ahh cheers mate"
Those jekyll and Hyde ones are ridiculous. I always got a crazy workout with them. Ended up feeling like I was doing more harm than good though because I was consuming like 400mg of caffeine or something stupid like that
"Haha yes dude. Needs a bit of work cos some parts are hectic smooth and others a little shakey, but when you’ve got it down it’ll be epic."
"wtf I never got a notification for this. 

I'll send fake reddit money or maaaaybe Amazon money. (I can't use paypal/venmo/cashapp/etc..)"
"I mean, honestly, alot of the questions lately should just read the wiki. Like really stupid lazy shit."
Food Wishes on YouTube is all you need
Jeff pls go
"I meant in our lifetime really, but yeah lol. Who knows though, maybe another 50 years we can super engineer babies to be complete freaks."
You honestly might have gains goblins living in your microwave
"It's a troll.

Same post gets posted like once every 3 months"
"Awesome, now do another one"
You and all my friends need to stop trying to gaslight me into confidence
Utter shite save your money
Iz joke bb
No
"That's a hell of a split you got going, not sure how effective it is but you got the spirit."
"If you do that, you will die."
Tren = Pure hate
Egg noodles are probably the easiest thing to inhale on a bulk
Thanks again. Ever since I had a separate arm day (in GB) I’m considering keeping it hence why High Evolutionary/GM. Gonna watch some reviews and then maybe run HE or Collossus as GM sounds like the most intensity and am on a deficit
"Yeah, but not that often though. This happens to me maybe once every 5 or 6 hours."
I live in the US (New York) and I had to pay out of pocket for my son’s sugary.  My health insurance would not cover it.
I can’t stand AP Statistics class. I love business stuff but this class is torture
Thanks for the advice!
"I started off at ~230 in terrible shape. I spent several months just weight training, being more active, and cutting sugar. I dropped down to 170 and felt way better. 

Just pick one thing a week, and do it. It sucks at first, but you feel so much better in just 8 weeks. 

For reference, I’m almost 230 again, but now I have shoulder veins and chest striations. It fucking rocks."
I thought I was in twitch at first lol
"Lean bulk but curious I hope I’ve added this correctly I’m still learning how to work my way around this site :) 

Hi I’m slowly adding calories to build muscle , 8 months and I’ve put on 10lbs is this a good rate of gain? I’m now also curious about my bf % .  I have Vascular arms , abs and my chest  also starting on my legs . Does this mean my bf is to low ? And I’m not consuming enough calories . I don’t want to be to vascular as I’m a woman and don’t think the chest is all that attractive nor legs , however I’d like to know what percentage I’m at . Does this make sense ? Any thoughts and advice good people all welcomed to help me on my way I have a long way to go ;))"
Thank you very much
He only had to pay $5 for this photo since he already paid to compete
"Jesus, I feel like a dork doing floor press, but after watching this, I don't feel so bad."
"Yeah then to be honest you should be doing like maybe a burger and fries every couple weeks for the mental aspect of it. Refeeds and big cheat meals aren't on your radar yet.

They'll only kill it if you let it. You've got control over what you do going forward."
It’s likely the loss of water and glycogen which is the combination of carbs and water in between your muscles and stuff that is used for energy. Generally when people consume very little food for even only 12-15 hours their glycogen levels are to be depleted becauee that’s the first to go over fat or muscle or anything so those are likely just low. In a day or two of normal eating and lifting you’ll be totally fine 🙏🏻
"I'm below that now and want to die multiple times over, every single day... 🥴"
Mildly funny that you sweep the fact that he's a pedophile under the rug but my right wing comment is the one that requires the attention.
"No. Muscle insertions, body fat distribution, and bone structure play a larger role than test ever will, especially at high levels where everyone is on the sauce anyway"
"Thanks, so… gotta hit chest today and do some cardio. Have a good day sir"
"They're pretty fucking overrated IMO.

For what it's worth, I dont know a single ""car guy"" who is into Teslas.  If I wanted an electric car, I'd get a Chevy Bolt.  If I wanted a fast car, I'd get a sports sedan.  If I wanted a luxury car, I'd get a luxury SUV.  If I wanted all of the above, I wouldn't settle for a ""jack of all trades master of none"" like the Tesla.  I'd just get multiple cars... which I did."
perfect body!
So what? Still impressive
"thought I fucked myself out of the $1400 stimulus. I surprisingly received it in the mail in a check, but I had no idea what it was when I grabbed the envelope from my box. I ripped the envelope on the side, and a big chunk of the check got ripped off.  The first bank that I went to didn’t accept it but luckily the second bank did"
"I had a rotator cuff injury due to a sports accident roughly 5 years ago. I have went to countless physiotherapists, rhematologists, doctors, and chiropractors. Nothing has helped and I think because of the years of my left shoulder injury, my right had to compensate and now I am starting to get the same symptoms in the right as well.
  

  
I have done hours of research and I have not been able to find a definite cause, but I believe that my infraspinatus is weak providing no support for my shoulder. All the PT exercises have either led to more pain and end up targeting my upper traps. I have seen somewhere that if your infraspinatus is weak then your upper traps will start to compensate for the shoulder, and because of this, I am starting to feel the pain shoot up to my neck and mid-back as well.
  

  
This is kind of a last resort post, where I really dont know what else to do.
  

  
If you guys have any insight please let me know. THANKS IN ADVANCE"
Yeah that’s what I meant sorry if it wasn’t clear
"So glad my friend was with me today when looking at an investment property...in the elevator with the sellers agent and a male resident. Resident completely avoids looking at me and says to my friend, ""Are you buying a place here?"". I interjected right away and said, ""He isn't but I might be"", in a pretty stern voice. I've told my friend before it's something everyday gd day ...not that he doesn't believe me, but just was so blatant, and glad he witnessed that. Got me thinking the only place that doesn't really happen is at my gym (to me at least). So thankful for that. /endrant"
Adame looks horrendous. His posing is terrible
"Kamal lost by one point, right? Any improvements and he could win. 212 is fun to watch right now."
closing the gyms is a sin punishable by death
"Prices don’t go down by any significant amount. Shit is gonna get weird here. 

How’s you house hunt goin? Was Derek able to set you up with anything?"
"Definitely need the money part, then I'll probably jump straight back into hiring the coach back."
"Looking good! Three more weeks, exciting times. Do you still work your regular job while dying from prep?"
Like [here](https://youtu.be/ZYRf_1cJBds?t=54) sry bad quality
I eat like 250+ protein at 3500-4000 calories a day so not sure how the affect will be. Will switch to lower impact I think.
It’s hard to imagine as a good coach for athletes either honestly
Wow
you are very fat. cut dude. you aren’t gonna grow when you’re fat as shit anyway.
Yeah even competitors cycle. I think it's relatively fine if you cycle. I heard to be careful too cause you'll feel recovered fast but you're actually not and you can hurt yourself. I had a buddy to tren or dball for football. He got super bloated cause he didn't cycle. He was huge though. Make sure you eat a lot!
"I'm currently on the GZCLP program. I want to incorporate some more bodybuilding exercises into it. If I wanted to grow my biceps, chest, and lats, how would I go about this? How many exercises for each group, how many sets x reps, how many days a week, etc should I be adding?"
"One time there was a guy at my gym straight up yelling at himself like ""FUCK! SHIT! WORTHLESS!"" like fuck dude calm down. Tiny fella too and pretty sure he was still in high school. I've seen him lots of times being somewhat noisy but that one time it was just ridiculous. Cringy as hell"
Bad dad joke ik
"Sometimes when I'm super wiped out or just not in the right mood to push myself, I'll be toying with the idea of skipping my last set or even a full exercise. And then a total cutie will come along and start doing something nearby and it gives me the motivation to carry on because I allow myself to live in the fantasy that maaaaaaaybe she's checking me out so I'd better give my all.

The delusion can exist only so long as I never speak to the cutie, because if I don't ask then the reality is that she's simultaneously mirin and not mirin. I appreciate you, Schrodinger's cutie."
It’s like scientists asked what would happen if they turned an ox testicle into a human.
Okay I just gotta know is your name referring to Dempsey from COD cause that’s literally what I think of every time
lmao
Thank you!
"It's hard to say from just this one pic, but your arms and forearms could use some more size, especially after your cut. Chest will need some mass too, and don't neglect the delts, although those will probably pop more post-cut."
"Sucks to suck, seman"
He looks like a big veiny boner
"I am 100% sure I read that this was on his encyclopedia too, someone who has it perhaps can check the format/fonts to see if it's really from it."
Idk but I’ve been using cables for skull crushers the last few months and i have so much better MMC than with ez bar or dumbbells.
Just went to the canelo fight with this salvadorian chick 😂 She was fired up talking mad shit the entire time. Turned me on and at the same time scared me
"Haha, thanks man"
Ah dude I appreciate that! Hopefully I bring some redemption in two weeks with a better placing. Going to do another show with my posing fixed and come in a little harder/leaner hopefully
Fantastic shape for your age. You have blessed back insertions. Keep it up and by 19 I can see you competing.
Shoot juice plus 2 years training and that can be you.  Dial in diet and you can be even better
I like how mike chose to stay natty
Did 12. Was good.
Don’t give Athleanx any money and I’m sure you’ll do just fine.
"I get forearm splints doing straight bar curls every time, and then it hurts like hell when I do other curls. I can't say if this will work for you, but I just did single arm concentration curls with a cable stack until it healed up, and now I stick to dumbbells. Ymmv."
would you suggest adding straight arm pulldowns to the beginning or end of my workout?
[Be careful when using this technique for squats](https://www.instagram.com/reel/CUi5_O_FYwU/?utm_medium=copy_link)
Funny how they have so many categories and almost all of them only have two poses to judge off of. And one of them is just bending over and showing your ass. Women's bodybuilding needs a change.
Yeah he’d probably have them to some extent without the drugs regardless
My bad it was 5 years as per his words in an interview.
Lol I haven’t seen this one yet. Nice
why were you downvoted what the actual fuck
It’s definitely uncomfortable but feels like a good type of pain. But for me in my head leg and chest soreness feels a bit different. I forgot to add I did swim too after my leg workout after not swimming for over a year or so
Sleeves are definitely overdone but those men don’t have low quality tattoos actually looks better than what the average person gets.Still would look more aesthetic without it.
Looking awesome 👊👊👊
Ibuprofen can fuck with your cortisol levels which inhibits muscle growth: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19049905/
Did some bent over rows in my dream. Best contraction I’ve ever felt
"Yeah that's always my biggest issue. I know vanilla and chocolate are always good, but I'm constantly trying to find the new thing that's better lol"
"Yeah man, it's 8 hours per day and that's only for arms"
"Damn homie, you say 21yrs old the hairline says 42! Either way look pretty impressive for ONLY 215lbs, look quite heavier!"
Yeah enjoy it man. Lifting and soccer is interesting to do at the same time
"Yeah it’s gonna be a whole thing, can’t wait to finish it."
Hope you tore into the stupid cunt
"Nah man I'm in okinawa, so I'm 16 hours ahead of ya. working a super weird work schedule. 

I smashed chest and shoulders, gonna have a thicc 1k calorie shake before bed. (Waiting on the laundry) study my japenese some and pass the fuck out.

 Do it all over again tomorrow. I'm up pretty much two pounds this month and it's all coming together."
"I’m no expert but wouldn’t maximising protein intake to whatever your macro is, be more beneficial on the cut so that you lose less muscle rather than just overall weight?"
Do you know the important of cryptocurrency?
"Sugar free jello.

Hot sauce."
"Dumb question here. Every comp I've done was with pro tan, done myself. I want to switch to going to the professional at the next comp.


When you get sprayed at the venue is it generally the night before or morning of?

 Also what do you wear so you don't have weird tan lines? When I've done protan in my hotel room I'm naked but assume that's not kosher for having someone else applying the paint"
I could start an iv in his lower abdomen.
What is this bot lol
"Just crush your workout today and get back to the plan, we all have slipups sometimes!"
Fuck. These last few days of 28 Days Later (which has become 30 Days Later since I was traveling a couple of days this month so I just did shoulders/arms in a hotel gym instead of the prescribed leg/back days) are making me question life. I hurt everywhere. I get to the gym and feel full of dread. I get home from my workout and become totally useless. And I fucking love all of it. BB is such a good way to stare into some darkness and come out smiling on the other side.
"I've got no idea, that's ultimately up to the judges. But the judges giving Edmonds the win in 2019 just communicates to everyone that they're more concerned with mass over aesthetics (Ferguson/Hendrickson) or conditioning (Terry). The division just conufses me at this point I have no idea what I'm supposed to be looking for."
"Tren power up? Fuck man, Bowser doesn't stand a chance


Mario gon' straight up fuck him...probably literally


I mean wat"
Could very well be true
"Thanks, but that wasn't exactly what I was asking for 😄"
"No problem! That's pretty good, although lateral raises are definitely better suited to the 15-25 rep range, which prevents excessive swinging.

Also, come to think of it, you probably don't need both bench press and dips, they have a very similar movement pattern.  If I were you I'd keep which one I prefer and swap out the other for some variation of chest flyes."
Damn that was dope
"So happy to see Matt doing good. I would hope he goes Pro and does some big shows. I’m an OG and I remember watching him and that other crazy dude who always talked shit about how other natural bodybuilders were full
Of shit blah blah. Had a think accent I felt get his name lol"
Thank you
Looking good brother. Swapping to BB was a great call. Good luck out there!
Looking solid for your age keep it yp
still natty as of now 🥺✊ i know its lame but i want to do a natty competition first
8 sets to failure? You're not working hard enough or do you take long rest periods between sets?
"“Hey guys, this burger tastes like a burger”"
Tits PUMPED this morning
"Lol. This is all dependent on the drug, dose, and context. Either can kill you and either can arguably make you healthier. Casual marijuana, shrooms, and TRT all have health benefits for most. A little meth or heroin will wreck you more than any steroid."
Shoot 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Easy 400 calories.
"it does look like it comes with a great price tho, its a sport that never seems to make it to the TV , and if im correct back in the day it used to, perhaps this is a part of the reason why its no longer really out there"
"It’s honestly crazy how much sugar American cereal has, even in brands that market themselves as “healthy” like Cheerios. I got a few different kinds of cheerios on a whim recently and that shit is like candy. Great preworkout snack though"
"Omg right?! Thanks, I hope they keep coming in! As a certified member of Blocky Midsection Crew, big back is a must lol."
"&gt; beating the steroid cheaters

expect to see atleast one scene where a corrupt coach offers them juice as an easy path to victory."
Circumcised potatoes are to be avoided at all costs.
How many milligrams? XD
"Become friends with her, nothing wrong with making friends. Just go up to her and introduce yourself. Don’t ask for a number or anything flirtatious. Every time you see her from that point say hi and over time you’ll both feel comfortable talking with each other and know if she likes you or not."
No I haven’t
Wow a chest fly is a good exercise!?!?! Who would have fucking thought?
If you really wanted to give every solution a shot you could try pinning ED. But honestly probably wouldn’t be much better than EOD.
Brother sister Co has good beard oils
"I don’t know half of you half as well as I should like, and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.

Except you, guy who spams his shitty workout videos. You’re just the fucking worst."
Are you stopping?
I’m 17 and I’m fucking lacking! God damnnnnn
Dang. Enjoy the gains young man.
Drop that ab routine !
"Wow, one of the best physiques on a figure competitor I've ever seen. Well done!"
"idk man i think you should absolute get in there and weld the shit into place, that's your motherfucking gym"
i won’t be that strong for a very long time
Glad to see/hear/read? you're doing a bit better!
Where Logan’s ass
"Your doing a great job you look amazing but you might need some gains to win competition 
Keep up the good work your still only 20"
"I do pretty well but I've also been with the same sponsor (Jacked Factory) since day 1, so I have been able to establish a legit following that trusts my integrity when I promote those products. Also my online clients use the same products."
"Yeah, normally I can keep myself in check with diet, training, and staying busy, but I've been swirling down lately and it's only getting worse. Would like to see some relief before I go down that rabbit hole again"
"Why do people want to be good at football? why do people want to be good at basketball? come on man, what a fucking dumb question"
I definitely want to try molly
Some organic foods probably have better micronutrient profiles but that's about it in terms of nutritional differences.
"I read 3-way and got pretty excited for the details, but then it turned out the dude was just talking about exercising so I got bored and checked out"
"That's stupid, not even with crazy genetics and a huge steroid stack would going to failure in every set make sense. You need to go hard and close to failure in general, but that's it. Failure is a tool and a intensity technique, no more."
How are you doing this at a planet fitness i thought they didnt have anything good there?
"I'd like to see him go up against Mr. South Carolina himself, Dale Chance"
Well I guess let's just keep killing the competitors so we don't kill the sport.
I like his older videos recent ones not so much
Nice! What’s your Marco split?
You look like a happy little action figure on his first day of school. Congrats!!!
I would really love a bodybuilding program that feels like a powerlifting program.  I despise BB training.
"Yes you can, but you have to be consistent if you want to look like garbage."
Im sure different people do it differently. Not everyone is the same.
"Well you did compare them, so that implies that they have similar qualities. I'm just saying that they aren't even comparable."
"Look man, I'm honestly done talking about this. You are way over-complicating this and suffering paralysis by analysis. If you need any validation with regard to me knowing what I'm talking about, find my physique in my post history. Gear or not, following what I've told you is where I and people I train/coach have made the bets results and you can take that or leave that. You are not nearly advanced enough to worry about as much shit as you're worried about."
Thanks man!
Is it packed like Mondays at Crunch? It looked like a riot
Is this a joke? aha
maybe just don't post it then since no one cares
Did you just try and say it’s the angle? Lmao.
I want both. I have a good physique and need to keep the gains. Thoughts on 3 days full body plus 2 days of just abs and arms?
Another dog account. Great.
"Awww thanks, that is super wholesome. I really am extremely proud of him, even though I barely did anything to make sure he exists. It‘s weird.

How old are your kids?"
"fuck guys like these, don't let them stop from you going to the gym"
New copy pasta for sure
"I've cut drinking down to once per week just for sanity's sake, yet the past few weeks I've still had a nasty habit of blacking out that one day and ruining the next two days. Damn you, buzzed me, have some more control"
Lookin excellent man!
"Too bad you missed his original post yesterday, you would've had a fucking field day with it."
Aesthetic as fuck. Vacuum is on point.
"It's amazing to me how no one is enjoying themselves at the gym, im over here high as a kite on it just having fun. Its like cmon, people, we *get* to do this!"
"Had no fucking clue this is Jeff Seid, holy shit it's like when Superman puts on his glasses"
"From all the lurking in this sub what I see, and his comment section, is that people are mad at the dude for...living his own life. They're mad he didn't compete ages ago, they're mad he got injured, they're mad about xyz thing. It seems so damned childish, considering the dude's life is pretty well put together, no matter what anyone says. For the second part - he's free to say and share whatever he wants, and again, people are mad no matter which side someone picks. Everything is just childish."
Thanks bb
I mean that’s nice and all but this still isn’t his death face.
[Got a chuckle out of this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXrS9foUCvI)
Managed to do a pretty decent leg day in the confinement of quarantine. Keeping my heels super elevated and doing high rep squats destroyed my quads way more than I anticipated.
Nipples just put out a video on fat loss I really enjoyed. https://youtu.be/d8V9ZaSq9Oc
"Great progress, just needs more chest, shoulders, traps, lats, quads, hams, calves, forearms, biceps and triceps. :)"
Thanks man! I prefer an aesthetic bodybuilding look so I really appreciate that!
u/isolationmovement-YT great job on the youtube content! You handle the camera really well. Liked your pull vid and IIFYM. Keep it up!
Love paprika
Bro I'm just giving you some advice about powerful amphetamines that I've been taking for practically my entire life. You don't have to listen. Talk to your doctor and try them to see if they're worth it to you but start at a low dose
"Definitely flatter, but the lighting is horrendous so to understand anything was very difficult."
Is that your normal drop. I'm 200 now and looking to bulk to 230 but may shoot for 250.
"maybe he thought it was twix, the delicious chocolate bar with caramel on top you can find in most grocery stores."
"Brothers what are good iPhone recommendations if I just want dope pics, good battery and clear quality for youtube/audio/insta? I have iPhone4 forever now and can afford a new one but don't want to spend like 1000+. Any recommendations?"
"Good shampoo and conditioner can only be bought at a salon or barber and I'm not joking. $350 is way too much though.

Get some tea tree stuff then use it sparingly. The best thing you can do to your hair is not overwash it."
"No worries, I appreciate you taking the time to explain in further detail to help me understand. Truthfully I prefer classic physique as something I'm shooting for. I don't have any desire to be open bodybuilding size, nor do I think my frame can handle it. I still have a lot of room before I would hit my weight cap. I'll try my best to create the illusion, and build my shoulders and lats up.

 I feel like I have above average insertions/genetics, so I don't think it will prevent me from getting a pro card in the future in one of the divisions. Perhaps beyond that it could hurt me, but just shooting for enough size to have a shot at getting a card."
Lmao na homie negligible
"Nice base, no weak or strong points so.. just need to keep growing.."
"Yeah, when you do take a deload or maintenance week you’ll probably see a lot of growth. I think giving up the fear of over training and just embracing feeling like hell a lot is responsible for a large portion of my growth in the last year.prolonged stress is like pulling back the slingshot on hypertrophy."
"This dude crazy, if he had just a little bit more size on the chest, he’d be literally a Olympian contender."
post pics and let us all laugh or mire
Thank you so much!
"That’s why I like him, keeps it real and HELLLLA FUNNY"
You wonder why your dad abandoned you
"you really think so? i feel like coleman's back was way freakier. it was both wider, and it looked like huge benign tumors were just hanging out on his upper back"
Pretty necessary. Rows and deadlifts are completely different things. Not doing horizontal pulling is like not doing horizontal pressing or not doing hip hinging. Also no reason you can’t do rows and deadlifts on the same day. Just do chest-supported rows instead of free weight rows if that’s too taxing on your lower back.
"Bro just prick your finger, if the blood is red then you're probably fineee."
"To show off the diaphragm. The stronger it is, the biggest the vacuum. Correct me if I’m wrong."
"Idk my exact cals yet, it might be maintenance for me. I am a bit over 6'1"", 232lbs, and have a fair amount of muscle."
Holy shit dude! You're gonna crush it!! Fuckin right!!
Very true
Ok that one I can understand from a health perspective. But eating 300 cals in a surplus coming from fats or carbs will result in the same weight gain.
It’s normal to be crazy exhausted after doing legs when you’re not used to legs. Your body will acclimate. Just don’t be stupid in the gym and you’ll not get injured.
Well I guess this is your retarded way of admitting you lost the argument
Honestly sounds like he knows you'll come running every time he snaps his fingers.
3 Oreos being 160 calories is so God damn unfair
"Great read, thanks!"
"Share, don't be shy



^^^I ^^^mean ^^^the ^^^advice"
"Thank you. How would you go about that, personally?

I'm on a push/pull template I drew up currently. 3-4 sets, and 6-20 reps. Actual sets and reps are exercise dependent.

Calories are at maintenance."
"Don’t have a mailing list yet (not sure how) but I do have a tiny sub where post my supplement break downs and where my detailed logs will be. 

/r/Neekbod_to_GreekGod"
fuck you
some insane genetics and hard work have done you well Op. Time to bring up those legs!
"Some good openers:

""Your really strong, for a girl""

""You're doing that exercise wrong, let me show you how""

""You should follow x program""

""I wouldn't do x exercise, you'll get too bulky"""
His calves just have sucky muscle bellies for body building.
Paid for a boost and got banned shortly after without doing anything. Had to file a fraud claim with my credit card company. Tinder can fuck off.
"&gt; but the fact is your opinion matters as much as mine, or anyone elses

no a 135lb casual gym goer's opinion does not matter as much as a fellow competitor whos getting their pro card this year you troglodyte"
So hard to find
You have to hit the pose? This misses the whole point of the thread
Good job!!!
"Great thanks I'll look it up, definitely see a physio when I can as well. Cheers"
I agree - I wonder if it's leg length or height or something with Lauralie. Her physique is out of this world but there's something 5% off in the comparison shots.
" I point man, you’re bulking it’ll have like a 0.2% aesthetic benefit unless you’re eating a fuckton more than you need.
Just eat clean, well digesting foods, stay away from junk and too much fats and sugar and you should be ok"
"Canada here,

It just feels so good to be back in the gym after ease of lockdown restrictions, so I haven't been in the gym for 6 months. Calisthenics at home just didn't give me the same pump. But holy shit, the DOMS are stupid. I could not fully extend my arms for 4 full days.

Ugh, it's an uphill battle for the next week or two."
That actually sounds like a fucking party man lol
"I don't know man. I can totally admit that you could be right. Life's been really hard, doing this. 

But I've never had feelings like this for anyone before, and I know he hasn't either, and that just makes me think it's okay to work at it for a little while longer. The pros of a potential lifelong big gay love fest outweigh the current difficulty. That feeling won't last forever, but I want to at least make an attempt while it does.

I guess it just feels like real love and I'm not quite ready to give it up. I get what you're saying though, really. I'm in therapy and have a decent support network so hopefully I'll know when to quit."
hes a 42 year old that plays in HS basketball and owns teenagers.
He seriously has one of the GOAT physiques. Such great proportions. Glad to hear he's a good guy too.
"&gt; Nah y’all literally spam the same link.

Take a hint and read the link, once you do that you'll understand why nobody is helping you"
My personal favorite salads honestly are the ones without lettuce. Lettuce offers almost no value outside a shovel for salad dressing.
"If it doesnt hurt and feels good then youre good to go. 

As for the lateral raises, keep doing them but take it really light and progressively get heavier. There might be a little pain during but ***as long as your shoulder feels better after your workout then you did good.***"
Wow... That's a big accomplishment.  Good for you.
"Itll start a civil war. Lets do it.

Start with fitness related shit to get people into it, and then slowly delve further into depravity."
Lol rip
"Thank you, happy new year to you too. 

Most likely the protein breakdown is happening on a very localised level. Even eating plenty, your muscles may still breakdown fat or protein for energy, due to hypoxic conditions and lactic acid buildup. 

Or perhaps, like me, you just smell bad when sweating lots. Happens to the best of us, as we also excrete nitrogen in significant amounts through urea in sweat, this is simply upregulated during intense exercise. 

In both situations, its perfectly normal and happens to everyone."
"Are there any long-term negative effects from using gloves while lifting? I have a skin condition that makes getting calluses incredibly painful, and was just wondering if there's anything I need to look out for moving forward."
That’s doable. Sorry I’m a bit of a noob in all the science stuff 😅
Awesome! Good to know
Make sure not to put grow lights over carpet! It can light it on fire.
"Quote directly from CD2:

I want one more week of really pushing hard here. Do sets of 8 until you can barely get 8. Now here is how you do your last set. I am sore from this right now! Go up a little more, not much but only do 3 reps. Do all 3 slow. Drop one plate off of one side NOT both sides, and do 3 more slow reps. Then drop another plate off and do 3more slow reps. What you do
is sets of 3 reps, slowly, until you hit 30 reps total for the set. All reps need to be slow, and again, only one plate at a time off of one side. We’ll call this 4 work sets. 4 total work sets



Guys I don’t think I’ve ever felt such pain in my legs after that. I think it beats he Bulgarian dropset of death. I actually can’t believe I did that shit"
I don't remember :(
"Hey really good points, this gives me something to think about"
"&gt; If he was alive today he'd be the biggest influencer on the planet

Eh.... they were different times to be honest.

He was popular at a time where social media/message boards/online fitness weren't so prevalent and widespread, and were more of a nerd/introvert type thing, which is why the ""wowww aesthetics and having sex I will lose my virginity, alpha!!!"" thing pulled off so well.

If you wanna see how this type of personality fares with wider audiences and an era where fitness/social media is widespread amongst the overall population, then you really have to look no further than Connor Murphy and the whole fiasco its been."
"Quads are definitely flexed, you can see it on the right hand side early on, he just doesn’t have crazy stage ready quad separation yet"
"Hell yeah, there’s honestly nothing more motivating than when your routine gets fucked up, it feels like getting into a nice warm bed on a winter night mentally to get back on a regiment"
Could definitely be ifbb bound looking like that while being that young
NPC Oklahoma Grand Prix in Tulsa November 20th!
"Yeah I got a few bench marks where I see sudden change, I’m at -10lbs where I have light ab definition of all 6 abs and I feel like an anime protagonist mid training montage. I can’t wait for -25 when my lats connect to my Adonis belt"
Good luck getting engrossed with the show and trying to not read the manga while you wait for the anime to catch up
In hockey there’s a lot of “wow I’m surprised this player didn’t have as many all NHL teams” until you realize they were a center during Mario and Gretzky’s prime.  For example Steve Yzerman has the 14th highest point total in a single season in NHL history in 88-89 but didn’t make the two teams since Mario and Gretz had the 5th and 9th.
congrats.  you look huge.  amazing
"With all the hate in the comments it still got 1.3k ⬆️
I must be doing something right. 😁"
"Like another commenter said, I do PPL but I alternate my leg days between heavy squats and heavy deads, but both leg days will have extra quad/hamstring accessories like leg press etc.

Personally prefer this than deadlifting on back days cos I have so many other exercises I want to get through on that day."
Felt good waking up at 5 to lift. Gym is already packed at 6. Da fak
"She did that shit the first night she stayed here. I woke up a few hours later in a pool of sweat. For some reason she also refused to put on more clothes. We got it figured out tho, she brought over her own blanket. It's not even cold man. I keep that shit at like 77 degrees, sometimes higher."
"Thank you, pandaSmore, for voting on Piana_Bot.

This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://botrank.pastimes.eu/).

***

^(Even if I don't reply to your comment, I'm still listening for votes. Check the webpage to see if your vote registered!)"
"To me your legs look great! You have such an awesome physique, it’s obvious you worked so hard!!! Killing it!"
"When the pharmacists laughs and says, “you’re pretty buff for a sick guy.”"
"Interesting. I take about 5g of Ashwagandha per day and 20mg of lexapro (anti anxiety / anti depressant). I know Ashwagandha has a ton of health benefits: reduced cortisol which allows for increase test production (up to your natural limit), heart benefits, cognitive disorder prevention, cancer fighting benefits. 

I appreciate the feedback. I’ve cycled off it before a few months ago and didn’t notice direct symptoms from it but I could’ve had withdrawal symptoms and not noticed"
"Digsuting to eat alone I like to mix it with fried rice and chicken then it taste good.

And it takes alot of prep to make that since the rice has to sit a day"
"Sorry buddy, I took your reply the wrong way. Oftentimes it's just wait staff/bartenders doing the to go stuff, so they're still getting paid whatever shitty $2/hr + tips. Even dedicated to-go staff rely on tips. Those tips also go to the kitchen staff that helped prepare it.

Sure, they're not spending time coming back and forth to your table, it's just a one-time deal, so you don't necessarily need to tip them 25-30% like for a normal sit-down meal. Depending on the restaurant, I usually tip maybe $4-$5 per entree ordered, but even $2-$3 on an entire ticket will add up for them."
"I do like a subway tbh, but it is definitely low quality food lol, but way more filling than like a McD's. Also it's someone else making me a sandwich, and I find that very exciting."
"Bidets are pretty awesome, especially if you have a hairy booty hole. It's weird the first time but there's no going back..."
"Idk the thin area of muscle right next to my shin bone

EDIT: apparently it’s called the tibialis anterior"
Cortisone and stop squatting. Serious.
"Yep, flat/wide sole. Great for generally everything but won’t substitute for lifters."
"Really sexy, cant wait to see u when u cut down"
"IM TOTALLY NATTY

SORRY FOR LYING ABOUT BEING NATTY IM ACTUALLY ON GEAR

::deletes posts, comes back 6 months later::

GUYS IM TOTALLY NATTY BUT MY DICK DOESNT WORK"
"Gonna be completely honest, your legs are “meh”. You’ve got some good leanness in your calves but appearance is in no way indicative of strength. For someone who doesn’t lift weights, I’d say they look good."
Luckily he got outta there quickly before he could be dwarfed by you.
"99% of the time in general I’d agree, but I’d be curious to know how many of the people who really stick with it for a decade wouldn’t at some point up intensity or eat more. Wasn’t the case here (more info above)"
"If you buy the ez bar attachment plus this for your pulldowns and rows, I dont think you'll regret it!"
Dude was no different than being a heroin addict that won't quit for their family it just doesn't have the same stigma. Bodybuilders are dropping like flies
Yep it is!
Double wow. Have a good comp OP.
"I recommend you check the fitness and bodybuilding subs catered specifically at women, when you’re taking about being lean women have different considerations such as a higher healthy minimum body fat to consider. 

I’m not a woman and I don’t have specific advice for a female and don’t wanna lead you wrong. That seems like very low calories but I imagine a female bodybuilder would have good advice for you"
? Just a barbell curl lol
Never knew you but awkwardly miss you rich. I never BB and just his personality sucked me in. I remember telling a guy at work “you wanna get big? You gotta learn to eat a lot and fast”. It wasn’t word for word what rich said but it sticks with me
"I agree with you, their production value is generally low. Unfortunately it’s an industry built more on nepotism than just about any."
"It's a pretty safe bet, let's be real. But hey.. I guess Kai Greene seems like a redditor so anything is possible."
The mods should just create a pinned post for all of these to go to. They're all pretty much the same.
yes
I agree with you. Not lean enough for being 7 weeks out but you need to trust your coach. If you’re not satisfied with the result switch coach after the competition. Good luck
"Second on the coach thing, I like the dudes physique but the way he's posing it's like he's stuck in that position and can't relax his muscles"
"""Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn’t.""  


Mark Twain"
CONGRATS MAN THATS FUCKIN HUGE JUST LIKE YOU!!!!
Agree
I love doing that on erg
Don’t want to shut down. Been trying to conceive so I don’t want to impair that. Trust me I would have been on test tren a long time ago lol
Nice physique..
All the absurdity of bikini in one sentence. 'penalized for being too muscular'
"I used lewelliotdesign on fiverr. Nice guy, happy with the product and communication."
"Why indeed, it's insane volume even on gear"
"I know most people do better with anywhere between 8 to 20 working sets for arms but I was blessed with piss poor recovery. 4 Working sets a week is around my minimum effective volume. From there I add a set each week or so and build up to 8 which is getting close toy maximum adaptive volume. This is my program as it looks at the start of the month. Didn't think it was necessary to state I increase volume over the meso since I thought that was a given.  As for my training I've been training fairly consistently for a year or so, gone from 75kgs to around 86kgs, not particularly lean but haven't added any chub so it's all muscle more or less.

Each Time I try to approach high volume I burn out, regardless if I'm smart about reps in reserve or deloads etc. I'm just not built for it unfortunately."
"Chickens eat their own shit, too. Pigs are insanely clean. Not as good a meat as beef, but let's not pretend chickens are clean. I'd rather eat horse."
Respect for keeping it real my dude. Best of luck to you at your show!
It would be worth it to see the reactions though ;)
god finds a way
Also do you have other stage shots? Curious to see what the back/side chest looked like as well!
That's a firm yes.
Time to drop set incline dumbbell press for the rest of the year.
chest and ass for me
It's honestly impressive how good he is at it. I saw a photo of him on Kyle wilkes ig story and was shocked to see how small he was compared to his own content.
"Well yeah, I’m not saying I’d put someone in that situation. I’m just saying I wouldn’t deny their request to work in."
"I like how he always seemed low key interested in everyone else. When my gf made a post about his unity program on Instagram, he unexpectedly sent her a short message which made her day. Just the little things made huge ripples throughout this interesting subculture."
"I hope my gym reopens soon
Deadlifting at home with 70lbs isn't exactly satisfying"
If u dont win I am gonna be mad. You look terrific!
"CD2 + Mag/Ort 

On a cut 😳

Dumb idea?"
"I was twice as strong, I didn’t care about looks back then. I started only doing bodyweight since quarantine started and eating A LOT less since my appetite was low, plus I’m naturally skinny af"
Jesus Christ I love pizza so much it distracted me from making my usual banana nut milkshake joke!
Yeah man that works well for you but may not work for everything that's the point.
Definitely gonna need a recipe there
"Awesome pics. Great size. Look thick. Solid. Tight. Keep us all posted on your continued progress with any new progress pics or vid clips. Show us what you got man. Wanna see how freakn' huge, solid, thick and tight you can get. Thanks for the motivation."
Not appropriate post for this sub but no they dont
Thanks man. Unfortunately the show was cancelled because of covid changes in the uk. But i recently looked back at a photo from 6 months ago and took the same photo again 6 months later and i cant see much of a difference. I’m still in my newbie stage and both my parents said that they could see a huge change. I’m not sure if this is early signs of body dismorphia or me just being too harsh on my self what do u think?
no one really finds bodybuilders attractive
Low carb potatoes sir? Explain yourself
That's actually very impressive being vegan and natty! Nice work!
"I’m starting to get really fucking tired of meat. It’s the only part of my diet I can’t stand eating. The red meat is ok but I draw the line at all this white meat. Hell, I’d rather eat a whole package of plain rice cakes then have another bite of turkey"
"Looking good man, just put some meat on those lats and with your structure you'll look mad"
This is also why I hate the arguments about vaccines preventing hospitalizations and deaths so that should be sufficient. No dude I still wear a mask and would like others to because there are still so many long-term effects we don't have a handle on! Death is not the only negative outcome.
"True, but then you can have the athlete respect a coach too much  and have the James Hollingshead syndrome where he just speaks about how great Patrick is and Patrick has Iain nailed and like  80% of his clientele coming off every shop from amateurs to pros ( tho that's not posted on instagram wink wink)."
May god have him in hell on low heat or something like that lol
What the fuck is serms
Wow so defensive.
What's wrong with his calf veins? He looks great otherwise.
Claimed being the operative word. There's no way.
Gladly I would do it. You giving me the money?
crazy swole
What value does your comment add? No shit he’s on gear. It’s beating a dead horse.
My stats are no where near as good as yours but I was also focusing on strength a majority of my lifting and have been running a RP program and found it really fun and definitely saw some good gains from it so you can give that a shot! (There’s a drive floating around with all their programs for free)
Great proportion head to toe you got this like the trunks
hes training with akim now so i hope his legs get more seperated/feathered
"They definitely can. See what folks are talking about with that is that traps have a high concentration of androgen receptors. On paper they benefit more than other muscles from anabolic drugs. But everybody's attachments vary wildly with traps and you can't see most of the muscle from the front. 

Anybody who manages capped delts without AAS though is a true genetic freak."
Wtf
"yeah, this is the one I saw. didn't know there was one with commentary."
"Good job bb, that's a big step."
My bad I posted it now
Do elbow sleeves help too much on bench? I got a pair recently and want to try them out but if they provide too much assistance I’ll just return them
"Thanks, before I did butterfly’s and sumo squat to stretch it so I’ll try that"
"just seen one of my childhood friends, and told me things ain’t working out with the wife and kids

we’re all in this struggle called life together"
"haha that's cool so anyways back to the swinger couples, what happened next?"
Daydreaming in these stupid in school classes got me wondering if I should even cut at all. Stupid school
"Right yes but I’m going off your advertising and you’re advertising that you’re not yet good. I’m just busting your balls lol I think it comes down to whether the mention of oral is gonna land you a match and I have no idea… like what lions said, be attractive… you can get away with a lot more"
Np. Cereal and candy is my favorite topic to talk about anyway
"Well shit, now my take is cold as fuck.
Also you are strong bb."
"Nah, lighting was great. Also they had a clear black backdrop and 4k cameras. It was really, really good."
"Fuck it, let’s send it!"
"Eat calorie dense foods

Nuts, beef, easily digestible carbs (rice, oats), whole milk"
You're looking awesome at 8 weeks!💪🏾👊🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
"I like his energy. Also true facts! 

Also she doesn’t know what the male gaze is. She’s misusing that term"
"Any home remedies for a strained Bicep? I did a cold bath immediately after my workout, then hot shower. It helped a bit."
No that's your blood pressure you're feeling
WebMD said cancer
It's called agonists and antagonists.
"Fuck a Tonal. If I had $3000 just laying around to spend on exercise equipment I sure as fuck wouldn't buy one of those. And the ads are fucking stupid. ""I bench over 300 but 150 on Tonal was super hard!"" Then I got news for you: you don't bench 300, or that machine busted, and either way it's a pretty shitty way to advertise."
Ok and
Looks like his arms has finally filled out with the rest of his build. Imo they were a weakness and he flows much better now.
"Looking hella fine, bet those pecs would make for killer tit-jobs"
It's April Fools bro.
"Absolute safest? TRT. You can have normal/slightly elevated physiological levels of test without the normal fluctuations so now you’re at an advantage over naturals.

After that hgh in moderate doses (&lt;5iu for men and ~2iu for women). You get some better sleep and recovery and maybe a tiny bit of growth but it’s not really enough to cause the carpal tunnel and insulin sensitivity issues that high hgh does.

Beyond that it’s about monitoring your health and reactions. Not just labs but blood pressure, heart rate, HRV, cholesterol levels, get an ekg, do your cardio, etc. Running the shortest effective cycles on the lowest effective doses and maximizing every other facet of training, nutrition, and recovery will give the biggest bang with the lowest risks, especially when paired with adequate time off/cruising. 

I see the arguments here already about underground gear and fakes but that’s old news. Any reputable source is getting their raws from the same few suppliers. Those suppliers will provide testing reports on every batch. As long as the source is sanitizing vials and filtering the oils you don’t have much to worry about anymore. When they run out of something they mark it out of stock and that’s that. It’s too easy to send a sample out for testing now and enough people get blood work that they’d figure out any fakes and that source would be ruined with a few forum posts and word of mouth."
"Yeah Very true about Levrone!   Guess i gotta get bigger legs before i'm to old! 

Your back looks very thick and good on that picture, even though the pic isn't the best! 
Last question,  can you tell your name or is it private? Would like to see more pictures😎"
He love tiddies so much he got himself a pair.
1st pic looks like the same type of photo as the  gigachad meme
"honestly just flexing properly, like planting your feet but trying to do a leg extension. kinda comes naturally to me so im not the best to ask lmao sorry!"
"Haha, we'll see. She told me last night that despite not wanting a kid, she'd rather be pregnant than just a little tubby."
Other brad sounds like a dick. To heck with that guy!
Justin is the favorite for sure. I dont think OP was trying to exclude him. Rather so trying to see who we had as favorite for runner up
"Yeah. No pain, usual experience, same process I've done 200 times before. Very strange."
"Aye bro, no shame in being a used car salesman, you seem like a stand up guy. I’m in the Seattle area and might be looking at cars in the next several months. You ever get any AWD hot hatches like the Golf R or Focus RS thru your dealership?"
dude thts fucking epic!! pretty cool just randomly bumping into him versus going to a fitness expo where you know he'll be there lol
"don’t worry even people in great shape can’t pull off a vacuum look. Work towards some nice abs instead, honestly this just looks gross anyway."
Lmfaoooo yes
Mad that rice became the stereotypical bber carb when Potatoes are better in pretty much every conceivable way.
You’re crushing it. Wish I had the disciple.
"Good thing no east coast team made it lmao. Apparently the Elite 8 had the best ratings ever this year, so we're gonna have to get used to late night games."
That sucks man. It was infuriating having gyms shuttered while Walmart and Home Depot were packed. Gyms are so important for the mental and physical health of many yet the TPTB don't give a flip. Murphy will shut things down again if he isn't stopped. I live in PA now but when I visit my hometown in North Jersey its bizarre seeing everyone in masks and acting all paranoid. It's a relief I don't have to wear a mask at my gym. When I Covid I just stayed out of the gym for bit until I felt better - just like what normal people do. But sucks man. Hopefully you'll find a new home.
"That exercise, unfortunately, is really hard on my shoulder impingement. I have never tried really low weight though, it may help to nail the form and adjust that shoulder movement"
I’m about halfway thru the ninja war in shippuden. I got a while to go
"respect for saying it how it is, thanks man🙌🏽"
Care to link me to the study or studies? I would love to read it!
All trucks cost like 65 k nowadays so have fun
"That's what i think, trying to impress or something. Once she left, he got a lot quieter"
"I wish I could get a dumb phone, but I rely too much on messaging apps like Facebook messenger, Snapchat, and Signal.  Can't give up the phone because the only reason I want to curb phone addiction is to improve my social life, but giving up the phone would negatively impact my social life."
Holy shit I was coming here to ask this same thing. Cheers fellow air fryer beginner
I am pretty sure that at this size (and the gear dosages) he definitely must get forearm cramps if he bends his wrist too much. I remember Dorian said he got an arm pump just from driving to the gym lol (another guy with similar level of forearm development).
Meal timing matters and anyone who says it doesn’t is lying to themselves
Frustrating that this is downvoted. Head of CNN was literally leaked saying he plans to use climate change after COVID because “fear sells”
"Funny dude as well

10/10 actor"
Disagree
I hated what I saw in the mirror and wanted change.
"He really is a cutie, though. Agree with OP ❤️"
"Grand scheme of things, it’s really splitting hairs and makes probably little to no difference. All protein sources are broken down into their individual amino acids after digestion"
Definitely. Now that it's gone mainstream RIP WSB.
"Sounds like how men’s comps should be. I prefer the older judging methods than the race to the biggest that it is now. 

You’re killing it by the way, keep it up!"
"“Conceal your purpose and hide your progress; do not disclose the extent of your designs until they cannot be opposed, until the combat is over. Win the victory before you declare the war.” 

(Ninon de Lenclos, 1623-1706)"
"LoL, the face is why I clicked the post! Keep that energy haha. Beast mode."
"I've been looking for a good pair of squatting shoes, preferably the old style with a wood heel that also goes up to the ankle for support. Any recommendations?"
"Man, you are huge af hahaha enjoy those meals!"
Looking awesome man!
How is this natural? Someone please tell me this ain't natty
That's fucking rude man
Easier cause the photo just captures what you see
Thank you
So any recommendations for any FREE online apps to help with creating workouts? Just recently joined the local YMCA and want to start working out to hopefully lose some pandemic pounds
"1. Numbers are cool and no one shows them the respect they deserve.
2. Using ordered lists make me feel like a man
3. What would you prefer, anarchy?
4. You’re welcome, DM me for my onlyfans discount code."
I have some autistic eating disorder where I have my staples for a long period of time and then my accessory foods that I can only tolerate for 2~3 weeks a time. Yogurt makes me feel like I'm gargling a thick load by day 14
Worth its weight in gold young man.
Better move the day up
This comment wins
"I agree, but I’m not a mod"
Thank you!
He is basically 300lb on stage lol no way will he be able to compete in classic
Everyone had to wear the stupid wristband lol. I’m waiting for judge feedback rn. I feel placing was pretty fair tho
This is definitely an unpopular opinion. But I think Nick Walker is starting to lose control of his midsection. At the Arnold you could see a bit of a split in his abs and some distension. His conditioning was still the best so he deserved the win. But I’d hate to see him go down the path of Phil Heath with his gut
Definitely. Great to hear that someone who used to be overweight has found a way to stay consistent and disciplined with his diet. 12 percent in no time
Sick shit dude keep it up
"don't mind him, his brain stopped after reading ""dick sizes"""
Are weighted planks safe for your spine? (Like putting a 45 lb plate on your lower back while planking)
"Bro I could cry for you. I can't imagine how pissed off you must be about that. Trying to push yourself so much for those gains to only get thrown back a mile. Don't do what everyone else seems to and give up for the next six month and loose two yrs of gains. Keep wtf you have on your body right now. Fuck it to and bulk and hit legs, abs, hard lol"
"Looking like a beast, best of luck."
"1. Scary, scary dosages
2. Genetics, his sister is also a professional athlete"
Wtf kind of question is this?
"I looked like this at 12 weeks out from my first show and still could’ve been leaner, no way he’s going to be able to push hard enough to look as lean as he should in 6 weeks"
No. I can answer for him.
What’s your cycle looking like
Wow. I can see why he got that nickname
Holy fuck. John Meadows leg day with like 3 drop sets = pain. I stood up from the leg extension machine and I literally had to squat down cause my quads refused to listen for like a minute
"You are looking fantastic. Better than most already look.

I’d suggest doing something I learned from Ryan humiston. He’d make mention before he’d compete he would for a either a week or two straight, I forgot how long, before competition he would do 180 walking lunges. Every. Single. Day.

He would torture himself but his legs would pop. I can’t recommend much other than think about leg gains and how to manifest them. Otherwise you look great thumps up!"
"Cool, I’m not sure what your asking here with the “what do you think” you look like shit on the left but if your power lifting you prolly don’t care. The right you look like a newbie bodybuilder."
"Probably, but Hadi is still like 5’ tops. That’s always going to hinder him."
And you're torturing yourself because??
Are you gonna make a thread like iskeezy did? Was an interesting read.
thats a very strange and dark sub
Wow ok thanks for all the suggestions!
Nobody cares m8
You too?! Thought it was only me haha
"Yes. My lover had this weekend off and no schoolwork to grade so we binged watched movies and ate like complete shit the whole weekend. 

Well I got almost no sleep and had shitty food and I feel like shit at work rn but it was one of the most fun weekends I’ve had in a long time."
I’m just waiting for someone to take a chance on me and give me a job so I can gain experience. What can I do to make myself more appealing to employers while I’m unemployed. Politics/nonprofits field if anyone has experience there
Yeah I’m probably over thinking it lol but better safe than sorry. My cycle usually never go over 1g total of gear per week but I still think it’s a good idea to get checked out.
Nah idiot the guy above me said he looks mid 30s. Stop riding his cock u small faggot
"I mean, kind of. It's hard to say without seeing this Phil vs let's say his 2013 Olympia size. I don't think Phil would've won even with the midsection but to each their own my friend."
A positive of going to an Anytime Fitness is that there are no serious lifters who go heavy on anything other than bench so I am in the top 1% of lifters at my gym. But the negative side of that is that I don't have a gym nemesis to try to lift more than. So badly do I want to be in a rack next to someone and out squat them in a competition that they don't know we are having
"Pretty much. Education is key. It's just a shame anti-intellectualism seems to be so rampant.

Just banning SARMs alone will just lead to something else being released that may be horrifically dangerous long term but no one will know about it (kinda like SARMs already, but potentially much more so) and we'll just continue on like that."
IIFYM. Unless your are getting comp ready I would stress too much.
Lmao he doesn't even go without working out for 3 months after a back surgery 😢
Sounds like it's time to switch pre-workouts or abstain for a while.
Also make sure to include a glute spread when you send physique pics
"Stuff that assesses balance like a step up to balance to a small box, rowing movements to see if they’re shrugging or rowing correctly, some pushups to see how they push. Core assessment to see if they know how to properly engage it etc."
You’re being taken advantage of by the evil Guinea Pig Cartel.
You have a star above your abs. Cute!
I definitely disagree with any kind of implant in the pro bodybuilding world but I don't have a problem with lipo and it could probably be very beneficial for those with unfortunate fat distribution.
Solid af bro
"Look for Prime handles, they’re superior IMO."
"Good advice. I'll look into leg presses. 

oh yea the clicking is normal. I have an AC joint tear in my shoulder and it kinda migrates around. The back clicking kinda moves my whole body. I can ""hear"" it echo through my body."
"Hell yeah, when you completely understand how to solve it you just go with the flow and it really is fun, the problem is getting to the part where you completely understand it haha"
Lol. On the joints mostly. And it's not linear. Lifting wrong at 80 lbs is gonna injure a weak person much rarer than 315 on a strong person lifting wrong
He asked what a good beginner workout program could be.
Sleep meds shouldn't be described to easily. There are so many things to consider before taking them. Go to the root of the problem and try to fix that instead of taking meds that are so easily abused.
"I'm on prozac for ocd. It's nice. It does help you sleep. 

How many mg did she give you? Start with 10."
"Luckily, being lean is more a function of nutrition than it is genetics."
This is great haha thanks
Start eating and train hard
1200 is impressive
"Can you tell me what you think my strong and weak  parts are for you? I’m now on a diet and i was lifting heavy but you know I’m from Germany and the last 2 months i haven’t trained, my goals is just to improve, not to compete"
Good in moderation.
"It’s a love hate relationship, they are unreal"
"I think he’s probably just made a fair amount of money over the course of his life.  Done a lot of modeling, D-list acting, endorsements, guest appearances, etc.  Gotta keep in mind the guy is 50, he’s had plenty of time to amass wealth and invest, even if his revenue streams aren’t super visibly lucrative at this point."
Are you buy any chance an unfulfilled white collar insomniac involved in a clandestine gentleman's sparring club?
"""it's just trt""

a solid gram of replacement-level test every week!"
Yes
"sheesh triceps looking nutty mate... good luck for your competition! practice your posing a lil more &amp; bring in a tighter package &amp; you’ll do great :) 

if you don’t mind me asking, what are your go-tos for triceps? ive got nice inner triceps but pretty poor lateral development, my horseshoe looks nothing like yours haha"
"It's all politics. Pretty boy Cbum is better for marketing. That said he has the best look, but they're still staking the deck in his favor. He is like the bronbron of the body building world."
Thanks I appreciate it
Amazing genetics bro!!!! Your dedication and hard work is on the top level. Enjoy all the rewards
"Wrong sub, come back in a decade when you’ve put some weight on…"
"Why?

U gotta start somewhere what's wrong with asking for help lmfao. Hypertrophy programs PPL is not that complicated

Gatekeeping self programming"
Lmao I think the only people who picked vshred did as a joke😂
Yeah Buddy!
Spam and scams are bad mmk
Opinion noted lol
Alright Gandhi
Better than Big Lenny !
"There are like a million things it could be. See a physio or a doc. How do you know it’s your internal rotator and not one of the dozens of other small muscles there? If you do know it’s your cuff, which part? You can’t tell that by feel, but the assessment to see what’s actually wrong is very quick and simple."
"I agree completely. At the end of the day, someone who is competing and only a few weeks out of any show, is gonna be more aware than anyone of their flaws. As the saying goes, 'we are all our own worst critics'"
I’m not Canadian but bodytech  casein is good
"There are a lot of fake accounts on Reddit that post other people’s stuff or just steal stuff off the internet to get massive amounts of upvotes, then eventually sell the accounts to companies or advertisers or things like that. I didn’t think people would ever buy Reddit accounts but apparently it’s actually a thing.

Not saying OP isn’t legit, but I believe 3 days is like the minimum waiting time before you can start posting on some subreddits. Not sure what it is on this sub though. Just seems a bit sketchy at the current moment, maybe OP’s asleep or something right now. If OP doesn’t respond tomorrow though, keep an eye on the account and if it starts spamming this post everywhere with the same title it’s probably a bot account."
Amazing hamstring
Good bot
They should be free depending on your state. I think nationally also depending on where you go.
Why do you care about burning bridges with someone you barely know and is scamming you?
"Yep! The show I’m entering is an NPC drug tested show. I have absolutely nothing against geared athletes, but competing at a drug tested show if you’re on seems pretty lame to me. At 24, I feel like I have some growing to do before I make that decision."
"You’d probably do better in the steroids subreddit for these questions. I don’t know what women’s bikini drug profiles look like, but the fact that there’s tren in there.. sheesh

Also I wish fake boobs weren’t treated like a prerequisite in bikini or other women’s categories. No offense to you in particular, but they look real bad 100% of the time on stage.

Edit: given your post history I think you need to get on the straight and narrow before doing something so drastic to your body. This is an incredibly self-destructive path and I really hope you can be in a healthy place and participate in this sport."
miniature bull terrier might be a good fit. Breed spec they supposed to be under 16 at the shoulder but they still a dog and not your typical small yappy thing
There is no reason to be alive if you can't do deadlift
WHO THE HELL IS EVEN THAT
"It's insane how many creeps come out of the woods whenever those threads are posted. It doesn't matter if they're saying what the girls could have done better, or if they're saying girls shouldn't look like that, or if they're straight up sexualizing them.

I've basically stopped complimenting or commenting how amazing girls on this sub look because I don't want to get lumped into the same group as some of the creeps that fly by there and sexualize those women."
I had the feeling you have after my first Astra Zenica shot.
"Nice, will this be your first comp?"
"Yeah a warmup fly movement, an incline press, another incline type of press and a flye finsiher"
Idk bro but I know for a fact that they are unattracted to overly self-conscious guys without confidence
Thanks :)
"Well, large was an exaggeration and it’s kind of a joke but not untrue either. it’s mostly short dudes who try to compensate for height with size, then steroids do make people go bald, and boobs not really but a good amount of users have gyno"
Fell better! Usually goes away in like 1 or 2 days!
Those biceps are absolutely insane
"Pfft... weakling, I gladly down a pint of halotop and then flatten out like a slug whilst my entire body quivers, and when the quivering ceases I dance with my ass clenched to the toilet to expel what demon seed lay dormant in my asshole until the sugar alcohols busted in like the spirit of Christ to exorcise it!"
Logan’s routine was very cool but this was epic.
You said alright let’s calm down to someone replying explaining something to you? Seems like she was just explaining something to you.
i agree with other guy that 20lbs in 4 months is too fast. How did your lifts progress? You were pretty lean at 153.
Did you drop 10lbs the first week? I absolutely do not believe you had 10lbs of excess water weight. You’d have serious edema.
Amazing work!
you either die a lean gymbro or live long enough to see yourself become an oily freakbeast posing in thongs
2nd pose is better but the way light reflects off of your skin the first pic is flawless
"It’s dickheads like this that are causing lockdown. If they could keep shut for the time being, lockdown would be over quicker."
"That's fine, bodybuilding is very subject to opinion so you can have yours"
right ones torso is the fucking dream
"Routine came out wonderfully! With one down, it'll definitely be more polished for Masters!"
"Can't we just give him the benefit of the doubt and assume he's natural? regardless of gear he clearly has good genetics, so its possible he is a genetic hyper responder. Maybe try giving him some kudos instead of discrediting everything by bringing gear claims."
For drug free lifters it seems like those areas are never big enough (me included)
Agreed. Spend our tax dollars on some shit that actually matters.
Front delts? It might just be your lagging body part as that muscle gets overtrained enough already from doing pressing movements. It seems that your bicep has grown bigger than your front delts in this pic.
Thank you! Very much a n00b at sincere posing.
Mens physique needs to get their shit together and clearly define what they’re looking for
sun burn is the ultimate gains goblin. this leg day is about to be cursed as fuck
"Your hamstring drop is really sick in the side chest. Overall, I love your shape man For your off-season I would work on building lats, you're a little narrow up top from the rear. 

The one glaring thing is going to be conditioning. You look like you're around 10 wks out, give or take a couple weeks. I would strongly recommend picking a show that's at least six weeks later than the one you have scheduled if you don't have emotional attachment to that show. If you have to do this show in four weeks, I don't really know if it's possible to get in shape without losing too much of the size you've put on. 

I wish you the best man! By no means am I dogging on you. My second competition season I tried to force a show too early, and placed really badly. I competed a year and a half later with much better results because I started my prep much earlier.

Edit- ""dogging."" I noticed autocorrect changed it to digging."
lmao. but same
"It’s too new for me to be starting talks like that, but also I don’t really make comments like that cause I try not to be a hypocrite and I know I hate it"
I feel so stupid paying for it this year. Never again. Never fucking again.
"Maybe the charges aren't a big deal aka just a fine or something.

Or not something they fancy talking about openly yet"
"Hard to say. I've always noticed ""sudden"" increases in weight when focused on how I'm bracing with the OHP: tight buns, tight core, tight errthing. You could potentially supplement with push press, that might help.

Or you can be like me and forever have a poverty OHP."
I just posted one on this thread. Idk how else to upload one. You can find it on my profile
Next time just @ me :c
"seems pretty in line with what i was thinking, thanks"
"Great answer,  thanks."
"Seems like the ester you are using for your test is probably not the best for you. Or May be it’s the carrier oil. 
Did you try accutane yet? If not, definitely worth a shot."
He’s obviously being sarcastic
The foreplay is always better than the nut bb
"Thanks man! And yep, when one gets worse the other usually goes with it. My life would be so much easier if there was some good sleep med you could take forever haha.

And not hippie at all! Have tried it, issue is I'm always completely relaxed at night, both physically and mentally, but my brain just won't shut down if I'm not in a good place."
"Id probably say useless. But why not make this a lil experiment?

Take mirror pics weekly, same stances yadda yadda.
And take the BF measurements and store those together.

at the end you can draw conclusions for the future."
Thanks man. Yeah it should be a good sign! Hopefully.
Its so annoying because as people i actually kinda like some of them. Yes maybe they’re setting a bad example for teens like me but they definitely do inspire my generation to train
"Yeah like what? No guarantee he places that well at 212 and it’s not like he is some young guy either. Plus when you factor in that how well you do at the olympia affects the money you earn from sponsors etc, it just doesn’t make sense to me to switch."
Just cause you’re being ironic doesn’t make it funny :)
Noooooooooo no sad!!
Right? what a completely normal thing to say lol
I work 40 to support the family and another 40 on starting my new career as a real estate broker
That's also a good way to burn out. I found building positive habits to be the most efficient and long term way to achieve things because I can do things that are beneficial to me/my life without the mental effort of being motivated every day.
GD. I’m so pissed right now. If I can’t lift I can’t function.
"Hoping he can! Would be a sight to behold. Can you imagine the story and the hyp there would be? Dude comes in off every show leading up to the O placing 3rd or lower, and then shows up to the O peeled to the socks out of his mind and wins (or atleast places way higher than expected like top 10)."
"Very sweet, congrats on your partnership ♥️"
Sorry I can’t hear you with Nicks dick in your mouth. I’m on 400primo 200 test cruise no ai needed.
Lookin great man. What form of cardio do you use?
I fucken love new sheets!
"no because hes a piece of shit who has been shitting on modern bodybuilders for 20 years, using his past accolades to shill his dog shit supplement company, and asking for drug testing in bodybuilding competitions"
Oh I saw au pair and my retarded mind thought Australian lmao
Sounds like a bad idea.
"Yeah thats what I mean by some of it comes dowm to posing, but there was also a lack of mass there, even next to guys like Rich you could see Haney was a bit behind in that regard."
Dense as fuck
Yes.
Lol i dont think he was on gear at that time
Agreed and it didn’t really work out for the people I know (unsurprisingly lol). I know lots of guys and gals on gear and they look amazing but they either compete or have been training for a long time. I don’t personally know anyone who has hopped on purely because they have reached their genetic potential.
Thank youu
HGH is a hell of a drug
Some typical Mike O’Tren bullshit
anyone know the music playing here
"Thank you for the encouragement. I know my past relationships were not where i was expecting, but its in the back of my mind since i want to settle down in the future"
"You're looking terrific man, awesome definition. Or definition of awesome, however you want to look at it."
good lord skeez you’re looking incredible. best of luck man you’re gonna kill it.
"Awesome, thx bb"
"Nah bro, back the fuck off when u don't know what u talkin bout. My brotha did hit me up, so deuces bitch"
"Yes, just overall size."
"Yeah, it's a pretty cool opportunity. Hopefully it works out in my favor"
Do you want to be a twink or do you want to be a twunk?
Thank you!  I started consistently lifting weights about 8 years ago; this will be my first time competing
"It's probably a mobility or strength deficit in either a retractor or a protractor muscle. Train your serratus, train your rhomboids, train your traps. Do a lot of slow push ups. Become intimitately familiar with them if you want to be good at them. And don't be afraid to let your scapulae move in a movement, protraction and retraction are natural movements of the scapulae that you shouldn't fight (the opposition to this is powerlifting form in which not protracting may reduce range of motion. With push ups, this isn't the goal at all until you're close to max testing them)."
Wow Man U r a Uneducated dick
"The real one is already good enough 
Everybody puts on filter and photoshop their pic on Instagram anyway"
Oh shit
"That's a good tip. I can typically just power through clean eating, but everytime I start getting into the mid 4k range I start to have trouble. Will definitely try that out if I have to push food up again soon."
"Welp, surprisingly quadrannasaurus rex day wasn't too bad yesterday with the achey/stiff knee.  Just warmed up with leg extensions and then took a 40% deload on squats.  Everything else was fine after.  Knee is actually feeling better this morning, still a smidge achey, but not stiff at all."
Yes
You're welcome! Looking forward to the finished product!!💪🏾💪🏾
"you know, I love me a good pair of fake tits that hold their shape"
"at the start of the show  he was the best on stage and probably deserved it, at the end of it , clarida looked more sharp and kamal was a tad off, although i still believed he was the winner , but the judges liked claridas look more so ye i doubt he will win it again"
Everyone here hating on the guy...  idk about bodybuilding but I like him
"Yep, definitely glad I didn't push my intensity on week 1 of PHAT's power leg day... Finished with 5 sets of barbell calf raises...... WHO knew that not doing calf raises then going to 5 sets would result in calf DOMS."
I do hope and believe that he is smarter and safer than Dallas but there is no denying that anyone who is his size at 26 years old is on grams of gear plus a fuck ton of growth and insulin. And Jansen is known for pushing drugs pretty hard
Jesus you’re an idiot
Dude forget people like you im going to go watch a vshred video
"Rant incoming

I'm thoroughly disappointed at my gym and am about to channel the inner Karen I never knew I had.

They closed for a week to renovate, and told us to use other locations in the meantime. When they reopened yesterday, I was impressed at the new paint job and upgraded flooring. However, the excitement stops there. There are tidbits that I can adjust to without trouble but there are some issues


They threw out some strength machines to make way for more treadmills and bikes. Instead of having 2 proper barbells as previous, there is now one regular barbell and one trap bar, the trap bar one looks pretty cool but we really needed more regular barbells, not less. They also got rid of the pussy pad which is an issue if you want to do barbell hip thrusts and might want to fertilise eggs one day (also lot of older guys who come in few times a week do squats with the pussy pad understandably). And for some dumb ass reason, 4kg dumbbells are missing (so they went 1, 2, 3, 5 up etc).

The most annoying part was the fact that they said this was done based on ""community feedback"" but I reckon the decisions were done by corporate wankers who know nothing about the community of regulars and just wanted to flex on outsiders, because all we long time regulars wanted was a fucking 2nd power rack so all the benchers and squatters don't have to line up behind mr bicep curl in the rack, and instead they took away the 2nd regular barbell which means you can no longer take it out to deadlifts, barbell rows or hip thrusts if someone is in the power rack (well you can use the trap bar deadlift but most people here prefer the standard bar, and there should be options for everyone not limitations). They also turned the power rack into a safety hazard- they positioned it too close to some of the EZ bars, too close to the wall behind so there is zero space for spotters, managed to throw out the clip/clamps to keep the plates on the bar and have not bolted the power rack to the ground (it was bolted before this renovation).

I like this local gym live-in because it's a short walk from home but if they don't at least reinstate some of the shit they threw out that people actually need (me included of course), I'm tempted to just take the drive to another location."
"Nah, carbs are still at 150-190 until 3 weeks out, then I’ll drop them to 50-100 until it’s time to carb up"
"Hi. I’m sorry. But asking for a diagnosis or exercise recommendations are against the rules. 

This is not a top level post. Try posting in the newbie Tuesday thread."
"I just forced my girl to watch 2 seasons of an anime with me and her pussy taste ever better bro, do it."
too strong for his own body
This just looks weird
Are you seeing hypertrophy gains from this? Are you bulking right now or on maint or cut?
"After his ""commentary"" I think it's better that he is offstage as much as possible lol"
"Slowly getting better with my diet, since restarting calorie counting last week. I've been slowly losing weight, but it could just be water weight fluctuations at the moment, but I'm adding calories and weight into nsuns TDEE chart to keep a good track of it.

It's making it easier for me to go hungry I find, purely by calorie counting, even though I haven't imposed a specific calorie number to adhere to or any specific restriction."
"I had this problem too, especially because my background. Looking for private renters is the way to go"
Unpopular opinion: Sergio Jr has a better physique than Nick Walker.
"Lol we got Insta thots on here now?

I bet you’re the type to use a band for every workout."
It’s a love and hate with this forum. I understand and feel it personally.
Let’s hope I get lean enough to look literally sick 💀😭
Holy shit refeed day feels
"You make a good point: people might not be willing to do much until the time it *really* gets back to normal, by which point things will have stabilized."
Better looking face on the left
Thanks! I think it helped that I was a college bball player and dabbled in powerlifting. I just hit 12 weeks for me “warm up show” and 14 weeks out for westerns—which is the main show in Michigan.
100% attainable with hard work and food choice. And you could argue is where majority of people still find attractive without being “too much”
"Is anyone else's ab strength super inconsistent? Some days I can rep out 4x15 on ab roll outside no problem, and some days I struggle to get 10-12 reps."
I love your physique.
"Thanks, mom!!"
Bruh no homo but that ass on the left looking CRQZYYYYY
tinder/bumble are both entertaining and depressing
Anyone else find it difficult opening the kirkland protein bars or am I just weak? Wrapper opening gains are failing me
"Jesus I’m sorry about that. Even as someone who personally doesn’t plan to get it, I can’t imagine being so rude and hateful (or even caring at all) for someone deciding to get a vaccine... people are insane. You’re definitely better off without him."
"&gt; Good Afternoon DD and Wrecking Crew!

... *and associate assistant*? Or are we just.. you know what, nevermind, it's fine. It's okay. Don't worry about it.

Back looks wonderful! 200 is right around the corner (almost)"
I also used to have anger issues. DM me if you ever want to talk about it and learn to better control your emotions.
See my comment above. Best forearm burn I've ever had
"Well yes, but he's like the perfect ratio body wise if you ask me. Like a greek god."
Sheesh. Guess you were looking for sympathy?
Just use twitter! Better amateur shit on there.
Back and legs are actually pretty good. Need more posing advice though
"you know at work, we make a lot of gay jokes and do some sus shit as we’re a bunch of maintainers. today one of my coworkers and I were essentially playing chicken about doing something gay. well he was in my car today and I said that he wouldn’t put his hand on my crotch since he joked about doing that. but this motherfucker actually did. Then he later told me that he is actually bi. It was all fun and games until this"
Yeah i keep complaining to my spouse that we need more hitchcock. The season finale is next week and after that idk how often I’ll actually rewatch this last season
"the whole ""nickelback sucks"" fad is over man. Anyone who tells me they suck cant even list 3 songs. Im not a die hard fan or anything but id be lieing if i said i dont have a few of their jams on my playlist and bump it hard when it comes on lmaooo"
I don't watch his channel but this is super fucked up
For reals how the fuck do you get arrow in your knee why snowboarding.
I forgot about Nathan and Hunter... yeah so now I don't know. good point.
No lol he has said since day 1 he started at 19.  he grew like 40lbs of muscle the first year from 19-20 on roids
Are you blind
Thanks bro!!
Pretty damn smart idea tbh
"So I played competitive golf from about the age of 11 up through college and a few years after. My last year of high school I got very interested in lifting weights and got pretty serious and continued lifting in college and after. Because golf is an extremely one sided sport my right side has become much stronger and bigger than my left. Basically the back side of my body has become extremely strong on my eighth side, and the front of my body has become extremely strong on my left side. I’m hoping somebody can help me fix this."
"I feel like there's a slew of protein questions in today's thread. But I realized I have an opened container of Cellucor that expired in summer of 2018. It smells just fine, looks fine, tastes fine. It's two flavors in one tub because I wanted to get rid of a tub that had maybe 2 lb left and poured it into another. 

This stuff should still be fine to consume, right? I know 12-19 months is the norm when it comes to past date whey but... help me out here?"
We also have someone like this in our subreddit.
Agreed. I said in another comment that there are people who allegedly have (I.e Quinton Eriya). But I have never heard of a natty winning/ top placing a pro show. You’d have to think a guy with peak Phil Heath level genetics could possibly win a pro show natty. But then why would you not gear up and be the next Phil?
Definitely depends on what you want out of the vacation
"Definitely go to the doctor to get it checked out but until then there's a guy on YouTube ""kneesovertoesguy"" that has tons of videos regarding knee pain and different exercises/stretches that can benefit you until then"
Nice lats.
Good man
"You are clearly not a doctor and this is obviously stupid advice. At 15 I was 5'4"" at 22 I was 6'3""."
That's hilarious. A guy who openly talks about doing roids on youtube where any kid can see it and I am the one that is the problem with the sport...
"I could always say fuck body building and just whip my Glock out, I mean hey I’d love to see you right this .40"
Why is this even a question anymore lol
"Anadrol is a pretty ass compound for bodybuilding. Fantastic for powerlifting, strongman, and racking up domestic violence charges though lmao test+deca+primo does way better than anything with anadrol in it"
That caption is definitely not true. Those are some ridiculously awful peaks lol
Absolutely there is a LOT of shit on rest days . But its not like the day it self is somehow magically affective . Its just a time period where you allow your body to grow . Which also happens from workout to workout. But a rest day is one of the ways to manage weekly volume .
You can get plenty of gains while literally never going to failure.
"I want a Google Sheets to make it easier to use on both my laptop and phone, as well as making backup copies without having to pay for a premium version"
This is a good one. I don't deadlift anymore so I haven't had that in a while. Hamstring soreness is also tough because it last a week or more!
"""Elect me and I will give you free money"" - Augustus Caesar"
This works better than goggins clips in my experience
What are the symptoms? I feel like I get this too but i'm no doctor.......I only play one on tv
Nice package!
Yeah! Baby Groot to Warlock train
"Wow you look amazing. I would love to know diet, supplements, etc. GREAT work bud"
"Of course you drop by to leave yet another overly sexual comment. Every day with you it's ""bleach your asshole"" or ""what do nipples taste like"" or ""how do I fluff up my penis head"" Every. Day."
Disagree. Why spend 2 hours a day in the gym when you can get more out out 1? Why waste energy and recovery time doing 10 more sets when you only need 5? Progressive overload is king but failure training isn't the devil.
I’ve always disliked Kenny and Phillion. I get there’s plenty of characters in the fitness industry but the constant negativity and high school attitude is unbearable
This would be cool if every protein powder was the same serving by volume.
Nice penis.
"Wrong sub, try r/steroids"
Lol what? That picture is changed every so often by the mods. There are different competitors on this sub that get displayed there.
"No offense taken, brother! I know it’s affecting my goals as it’s the last variable left in my weekly output that would have a negative effect on my body to be honest. I really do go all out and I’m lessening the deficit of my cut each week because of it by a large amount. I appreciate the question though because it does allow me to reflect on my situation!"
looking good fam
"I'm no diet guru but that does seem extremely low, but I also find the whole 2 grams per pound seems far to high.

I think it comes down to how you feel on that much protein."
"Doable, but likely a bad idea tbh."
stay strong kings.
was there any truth to that rumour about Nick and Hunter's alleged backstage beef after the press conference?
I just feel sorry for that third guy
"Nah man, in my eyes you made it, I just gotta catch up to you. Been doing mad reverse curls maybe I just need to hit hammers more."
"Yeah, I can see why people may think I'm lying and wouldn't be the first time! Just proper nutrition, lifting, and dedication.

Thanks for the compliment man! I'm hoping to do well (hopefully)!"
He had one of the best mid sections in bb history.
"There is this great app for that, it's kinda like tinder but for gym bros. So the name is Grindr, cause like y'all meet to grind it out in the gym. 

Be careful, lotta cardio bunnies and Power lifters(power fatties) there."
You look like you’re in your 40’s
That’s the roommate I swear I’ve been really good on my diet
"Nah I'm right handed but I get better mind muscle concentration with my non dominate side, noticed this with my left lat being able to be flexed better than my right. Definitely strange."
"Back injury update: Doing back squats today against my better judgement.  Taking it relatively easy just doing 3 sets of 5 at 315lbs.  A little bit of discomfort when unracking the bar, but a hell of a lot better than it felt 2 weeks ago.  Gonna go back to full-power for my upper body routines and hopefully be back to normal with lower body exercises by December.

Busch's social anxiety update: Went to a barcade with my bro on Friday.  Got drunk and played hella games.  By about 1am me and my bro realized we were on a bro-date and needed to talk to some women.  I offered to play Dig Dug with an amazon qt and got her Snapchat.  I got a healthy mentality shift because while I'm almost definitely gonna get ghosted by her, I don't really care 🙂 I was making all my stupid excuses to not talk to a girl, then I did it anyway and it went well.  I'm getting over my fear of rejection, and I'm really proud of that.  I used to only be able to do that while blackout drunk, and I'm slowly getting to the point where I can be outgoing and functional at the same time.  As long as I don't get caught up in the trap of going to places that have no women at them every weekend, I think things are looking up and ol' Busch just might obtain felatio one of these days."
Lats look pretty proportional imo. Any bigger and they'd overpower your tris
Who the hell is lain do you mean Ian
"Gamma Bomb Week 2 Day 2

MMC on chest flies today was out of this world! It was amazing. 

JM programs in a way that really optimizes the body in a fun way where you just get these massive pumps and unyielding MMC.

I’m a believer."
About to finish week 6 of gamma bomb by u/mountaindogmeadows tomorrow. This program is wicked fun - week 6 monday 10x3 on deadlifts was probably the hardest exercise i've done in my life lol
There is no a consensus
We’d love to know the result! You look like a top contender for sure
If it doesn’t taste good it doesn’t count 🤷🏼‍♂️
"Lol you have no rebuttal so you try to tell someone to use sarms and call them a natty boy. So being natural is a bad thing? 

Man, how could you say something so controversial but yet so brave. So bold."
Awesome physique! Back double bi is phenomenal
It's probably the tren...it's like women can smell it sometimes
Join the club. It’s part of the contract when you decide to start lifting weights lmao!
"It's pretty specific so I'd dox myself if I described, but basically I'm a trained geoscientist during my PhD that took a turn toward computational science. I work on big data / artificial intelligence algorithms on supercomputers for earth science and geological research."
Lucky to live in a place where gyms are still open! Home gym for me and has been mostly for nearly a year!
"Personally, I would becuase I hate training fasted. In that situation I would get some fast digesting carbs and whey isolate pre"
That doesn't sound even remotely healthy.
"Thank you so much, that means a lot, I have had a lot of negative feedback when I’ve mentioned to family and friends but I don’t care about what they think, it’s about me and what makes me happy 😃"
Tell her it’ll make your dick bigger
Hell yeah bro *fist bump*
BTW if you love hybrid athletes you’ll [love my friend Nam](https://instagram.com/namnamnamm?igshid=1h1i2p62ut33l). He has literally written books and teaches courses on it. I think they’re called the Hybrid Ability. He’s a badass all around.
"I'm partial to Orijen. It's literally better sourced protein than I eat with a wide variety of source types (free range chicken/ducks, eggs, bison, heritage pork, fresh or saltwater fish etc) to choose from. I also like that they are ""whole prey"" so lots of bone/marrow and organs. Those are my favorite bits so I figure my dog should get them, as well.

The same company makes another brand in the USA (they're Canadian) with US sourcing so it's a good bit less expensive but the animal content is a little lower with lentils and some root veg rounding out the calories."
Oh hi lol
"So I could use some advice. Nothing serious, just about the intricacies of counting macros. My mom is asking my advice in doing so. She is worried she isn't getting enough calories, or getting the ""correct"" amount of carbs, protein, and fat each day. 

However, I honestly don't know how to answer that haha. I've been counting macros for about 6-8 months, but I just do it more as a way to make sure I'm not eating a shit ton of calories, and making sure Im getting enough protein. I only focus on carbs if my weight loss seems to stall, then I try to lower those. Fat, I have no clue.

I also work a physical job and go to the gym every day to lift, and do half n hour of cardio. She does some small lifting at home with light dumbells, and uses a treadmill. But I don't really know what kind of advice to give her about the ""correct"" amount of macros. 

Should I just tell her what I do, and pretty much what the sidebar says for losing weight? Or would yall suggest I tell her something different, because her goal is different than mine? 

Any advice would be appreciated, even if ya tell me to just read the sidebar haha"
Where does it say her cause of death?
"Incredible work man. Even more insane that you did it self coached. Enjoy the be PSL, you earned it."
Congrats man!
"Shit, his BEFORE I my current goal."
Thank you!
I’m dead 💀
YEAAHHHH BUDDDY! Gratz bb!
Yeah but that's Russia... Can't imagine European countries doing that.
True. And also its a great ice breaker because their's so much to talk about with lifting and you get to share ideas.
"His upper leg muscles have good size and definition, even some feathering in the quads, but the insertions are just so high that it makes the knee look really thin, and the underdeveloped calves really emphasize that...  his upper body is a top 5 material easily though, with better conditioning."
Thanks! The goal is pro card by end of 2022
"She was juicing, what do you want?"
Agreed. Six pack is overrated
"I built it yesterday, I do appreciate it."
"Just finished Gamma Bomb w1d2.

I can’t even lift my arms to drink my pwo shake. They’re shaky noodles.

I ran GB in spring and loved it, round 2 is just as fun."
"Dumbest title ever in this sub.

Of course he could. Most guys in this year lineup could win next year. Ramy is definitely a prime contender.

This is bodybuilding you're talking about."
Are greg Nuckols programs good for bodybuilding? I thought they were strictly powerlifting.
Great physique! 💪🏻😎
"dude nice, happy that you looked into it. Let me know how you feel after the first week, I‘m always super stoked to start a new program."
"I mean that’s sorta ok but here’s a better explanation 

So basically when doing an open chain movement (which is what most of weight lifting is)your just moving a limb that’s holding the weight while the body stays in place like a bicep curl or leg press.

And a closed chain movement( which is what most of calisthenics is) is when your point of contact stays the same but accept for your limb moving your moving your body threw space like a push up, pull up, and squat which tends to activate the muscle fibers more than a open chain movement, but open chain is still good to do."
Sure i dont know i have enough experience to comment on it but se can look at it fir sure.
"I hope that ain’t 1 dose because RIP your heart with 4g caffeine.

Edit: misread lol, 4g beta is much more reasonable."
Man I killed my DB bench today and i am definitely feeling it an hour later through the rest of my workout
Evolve to Excel Bodybuilding program 👊
Well shit if that isn't serious motivation for my fat ass
You look awesome dude. Huge improvements too.
Lol that just sums it up. 7 billion doses world wide haha ok man I hope I'm wrong and you're right. We'll just have to wait another year and come back to this.
Jay wins this.
You’re fine. I was out for two weeks with the plague and it took like 5 days to be back to 100%.
"Home gym life is the good life my guy. If you have the financial means, I highly recommend you do it.

Why hop off? Unless it's in your playbook there's no reason to change your bicycle route and routine."
For sure. Sorry if it sounded like I was disagreeing with it. I actually think that's a great article. Trying to piece together DC training from Dante's posts alone might be too challenging. The article serves as a great starting point.
"Flex is like a shorter Phil, but with the midsection still intact. So, on paper he should be able to face off with Ramy for the top spot."
John meadows program to cut on? Coming off CD2
Social media has made me feel like if I’m not absolutely peeled I’m fat and look like shit
Sorry man . Lol
"Sorry to hear buddy. Going to be a weird couple of months for you but it gets better.  

It's clichè but realise you're more than a relationship, keep your head up.  

Also consider doing 8-10 new things that you wouldn't have ever done with your ex as a way to explore yourself and find meaning in what will be a confusing time. Also don't message her because it will hurt more."
"All the best with it. As long as your fiancé is not brainwashed then you’re good lol

I listened to an interesting podcast on this (qanon) the other day, if you’re interested, I can link u"
"I’m mostly jk but I see you took that personally. Chill man, you’ll compete and you can give all the advice you want. But I appreciate the advice, I’ll work on it"
"Thanks, I’ll go check it out for my next pin"
That right forearm is insane.
"Brilliant, thank you"
"Yea this was definitely not me actually posing lol, just messing around. I have a few vids of me posing like this: https://imgur.com/a/TNMUaHB

I still need a ton of work regardless, hopefully can get a coach soon!!"
Can you gey hip pain from squats/leg press with a stance too narrow? Did leg press with a very narrow and low stance to target quads and my right hip hurts a little when walking.
I enjoy penguinz0/moistcritical depending on what channel you watch him on. Some of his videos are funny.
Im joking bro. You can drink as much as you would like to. Protein powder is a great tool for getting all of your protein in if you couldn’t make it with food or if the idea of eating chicken breast for the 700000th time just doesn’t seem appetizing. Good rule of thumb is .8 grams of protein per body weight. Atleast that’s what I follow and it’s served me well.
"Constant measurements can help. Not that frequent, but regularly."
"Very happy with my progress all around. I think I got good legs and back genetics, or I just train them better. Except my chest and bis are basically nonexistent. I know I just gotta keep growing. I’m on a 3 day full body program, JM’s baby groot. Is it counterproductive to throw in some chest or bis on an off day?"
"Tbh I just dislike this sub most of the time, so I come back much less often than steroids. But, I do plan on bodybuilding, so I gotta get over it. 

And I’ll have you know I started this trend before Dtron was even deadlifting his own bodyweight 😤"
"Oh absolutely. The bad part is when an hour or so afterward, when the pre-workout wears off, you quickly remember just how little sleep you got lol."
"Go to your classes. You pay for them, you can ask questions directly to lecturers. Participation and engagement is a huge part of learning."
It was funny watching him cut off tiny pieces of meat to get an exact weight then just mash a bunch of rice into a cup
"got it, ty for taking the time to reply! I can only take USADA approved supps/things that won't make me test positive and creatine seemed like the best option."
"&gt;The part you are missing is that some people's statements/opinions/criticisms are much more qualified than others

The part you are missing is it's not on you to decide on whose opinion matters more"
What in the beta cuck shit is this
"Lately I have been having trouble working out in the evening. I have always trained after work, starting my workout around 5 PM. Since about 2 months I have had trouble really feeling the muscles and getting a pump, usually on my chestdays. I have a decent mind-muscle connection but, like today, I just can not get mu chest to fire up. Even on the sets building up to the working weight my shoulders just take over and hurt. I have had lots of trouble with my shoulder, mainly the front delt and rotator cuff, due to an inexperienced trainer teaching me the basics when I started. I was wondering if anyone here has a standard desk 9-5 job (I work in IT, so I get little to no movement while working), has had a problem before and knew how to fix it. It might have something to do with the fact that I hit the gym straight from work and don’t take time to clear my head a little, but I’d love to hear your stories on this!"
Jeff’s a cunt man
Bro don't let his protein be wasted.
"Where the fuck does it look I voted for Donald Trump? And to think you claim MY reading comprehension is lacking . . . you're straight-up hallucinating over their, kiddo."
I aint never seen no ones asshole on this sub before
"Who cares? ""good genetics"" is what separates the elitest of the elite from a top level competitor. Hard work and smart planning matter way more where you're at."
"Fly out again tomorrow to the outback with no gym, feels bad man. Plus side is all stocked up on supps for body weight training at least"
Appreciate the response. Thanks.👌🏻
"sure u can, but u will eventually plateau. Try to add in flys, pec deck, dips, etc.. There are so many things u can do to hit the muscle from all kinds of angles"
Great conditioning!
By realizing you’re small as fuck and only a bulk is going to change that
"Alright bro, have fun pretending"
"I was joking with my wife the other night that I don't care about anything except the coroner lifting the sheet and saying ""daaaamn, this dude lifts."" Oddly enough, she didn't find it as amusing as I did. Hmm."
Hehe...  I guess we should always clear doubts
"Hex bar is an interesting one, not exactly what I‘d consider basic, but definitely something I‘d like to have down the line. That would probably be my third bar after a barbell and an ez curl bar"
"Arguably, but for 99% of men it isn’t. And he certainly wasn’t a natural himself. I think you’re just deceived by the softness of the picture. The cut of his torso would probably be impossible for 100% at that size without steroids."
"It is the most frustrating thing in the world that our bodies have all of these “rate limiting” mechanisms built in... what kind of cruel world is this!! Maybe if someone is listening, please let me wake up with 2 lbs of new tissue tomorrow. That would be splendid"
Thanks! I hope you recover fully soon! ❤️
Lats look incredible.. great physique! Enjoy your rest you’ve earned it
Dang bro lol
"Been lifting for 3 some odd years, but my back lags HORRIBLY behind my legs and chest- bench 205, squat 265, deadlift 255. I'm on ppl split btw. Any advice?"
"Good for you! That's awesome. Yes, combo of cardio (low and some high) and weights, cardio esp. later on in the program. In the spirit of trying to help, I've made a video on my program overall here: https://youtu.be/Ej6zSSI5vhQ

I've also got a vid on nutrition and costs of competing. Just starting out, so will add more details on specific programs etc. Hope you enjoy, and hopefully helpful. :-)"
"Definitely take the advice and take some time off to put on size but for real you look very conditioned. Just need the size

The only thing I’d also say is focus on your calves. Everything else is good but honestly the calves are small and that will kill ya."
Nah dude your chest is just fucking unreal
"You should look at mine lol. I'm tall, naturally muscular and lean. I'm 6ft2, have a chiseled jawline, 3d delts and perfectly shaped biceps 💪."
"Gotcha, feel like there are a lot better ways to make a piece of equipment for that purpose lol"
At 160 I was stuck for the longest at 230-245 depending how i was feeling now at 175 am stuck at 265 but not a excuse but I have a torn labrum so benching for me is almost non existent once o twice a month. It's going ro be hard thruthfully your going to have to hit  bench for strength not hypertrophy.  But you got this.
Strawberry cream bro. Best flavour there is
"I would say it's a bit more than natural aging as I wouldn't say that Cbum is old since he is only 25, but he looks 40."
he couldnt get very many cuz of the no camera policy. going to have to wait til theyre posted by npc
"Obviously super subjective, but mike mentzers physique is something else to me."
If youre overeating youre not cutting. If youre missing your protein goal youre sacrificing gym performance and muscle. Up to you to decide which is worse
"Thanks. You gay, bro?"
Like others said you need more size for pro. You'd be much better off not cutting right now and using all the time you have while you're young to build a solid base. You're doing yourself no favors by doing practice shows instead of continuing growth.
Also idk if this happens to you too but my palms start to turn orange if I have a ton of carrots/sweet potatoes. Not a big issue but funny lol
"Fuck that bro, pin MWF"
True that does hold some water “no pun intended” . But my meals are 100-200g of carbs . The first and last meal have 90% of my fat . And the protein is 30-50g per meal . So far my best days regarding digestion is when I strictly eat apples peanut butter and cereal and chicken lol
"Rabbit starvation is only a problem if you eat nothing but lean meat for a long period of time (aka something like an incorrect carnivore diet).

If it's a short cut you will be fine."
"It must kill you that those ""fat guys"" warm up with more than you'll ever lift."
No.
Is an instant pot a pressure cooker?
"Ignore that moron. People on this site have some really harsh, backwards ideas about height. Apparently it doesn’t count in this whole “body positivity” thing......   
  
You look great, and you’re one of the few people here claiming natty who actually might be telling the truth. I’m not vegan, but appreciate your selflessness, and have a tonne of respect for the work you must put in to your diet. Great job 💪🏼"
Traps are always a dead giveaway that someone is juicing. If you google natural bodybuilding you will see guys that are fit but their traps are still pretty small.
"Honestly try a dating ap and specify in your profile you’re looking for a gf who is also your gym partner. 

My fiancé and I met on tinder in 2015, and she was a cardio bunny but now she loves lifting weights. I’d just be clear in what you’re looking for when you’re first chatting with girls. 

These two books really help

- no more mr nice guy by Robert Glover 

- models by mark manson"
looks like he has a couple fetuses in his quads. glad arnold never looked like that.
You look axing. Stop eorrying.
"Actually, this sounds way better than cable crunches. Cap’n Crunch to failure it is!"
Oh yeah that's a benefit I guess
I love how even your social/entertainment time is still industry-related
"Is it usual for your first time being drunk to be your most embarrassing night of your life.

I hppe to dear god it is.

I'm a 22 year old male who just cried into the shoulders of two dozen people."
Do you like my tail?
More like 500mg camera distance making his arms and shoulders appear large and waist smaller
"Seriously. Muscle has a way higher cardiac load than fat. Meaning it takes way more blood to sustain it even when it isn't in use. Combine that with the gear and its way, way, way more dangerous to be a 300 + pound bodybuilder than a 300 + pound fat guy. His heart never gets a break. 

Honestly half the appeal of this sport to me is seeing the human body pushed to its absolute breaking point. Its super interesting."
You'd actually be surprised
"you're a loser man go fuck off back to /r/all

/u/blackfro

absolute UNIT"
Just got my jab and wtf I'm incapable of moving my arm. Anyone else have that happen to them?
Lmfaooooo. Let them enjoy the moment
"Yes I want to pursue this career, that's exactly what I plan on doing, Thanks for advice!!"
Larry Wheels created him in a laboratory
Don’t do an oral only cycle. That’s retarded. Go read the r/steroids wiki. If you’re too pussy to pin stay away from steroids.
"Yeah for sure, if I had known how many calories I’d eat I’d have just made up a huge bowl of oats tbh, I  think I might also start saving my last meal for like just before bed because even though it’s not optimal for digestion I finally slept well haha"
do you guys know of any good high volume low intensity programs? i have been searching for a while and all i could really find was GVT which doesn’t look like a great program to me
OMG ….. boy you are wonder !! Keep the gains going on
Nice . Whatever ur doing is working lol
It’s weird how unscientific that kind of statement is coming from him. Taking your word for it that’s what he said of course.
"Yo I love them too, and your posing looks impressive. You’ll kill it at the show id say keep gaining and if you wanna take it to the next level, do what you gotta do man. If you’re willing to put in the work and it’s something you think is worth your time do it man"
no u
Yeah bro gotta take a month of deload just in case!
"Will do thank you, not sure why I got Down voted."
"(Prefacing this with I don’t agree with such a generalization)

My gyms small as fuck. I was flat benching the other day, sat up from my set and some chick was quite literally doing RDL/SLDLs in my face. Like within arms reach of my face. I just immediately awkwardly rotated to the side and grabbed my phone as quickly as possible lmao. To be fair she really had no other place to go in the gym without intruding on someone and I think she was there first, but I can’t exactly move the barbell bench.

Uncomfortable for everyone involved"
"Faster absorption, like boofing"
LMAO
"Well I started and stayed at 0mg lol so yea 250 is a ton in my opinion. Did iiii say anything about a year? Y’all keep pulling that number out y’all ass lol 

I’ve never made an excuse for why someone is bigger than me lmao those kinds thoughts don’t pass through my mind maybe the experience is a little different on your end? Lol

You juice heads on this convo specifically pussys hurt bro lol grow a sack (if you can)"
lol
Thanks mate
I thought so. Real shame.
"Yeah it's confusing to me as well.

[Here's a pic. Please ignore my chest wall deformity lol](https://imgur.com/a/f4ZiFKd)"
"Fuck do they have you doing ? 

What are you 20- 23 

Eat plenty of food

Looking good"
FUCK GEESE
You pulled that number out of your ass 💁‍♂️
I could definitely see that. Unfortunately I think it’s just my thin lats lol but I will definitely work on it in my next posing sessions. Thanks!
You look like you’re breaking your wrists in the FDB and your hands are way too close to your ears. Execute the FDB like you did that BDB and see what that looks like.
"Nicks Strength and power is a youtuber, different person than Nick Walker."
"I agree on fullness but the sultan of symmetry ironically has less symmetrical abs than Dex. Andrew more resembles Dexter in that way. They might pop more than Dexter, even younger versions"
Gave me Hope- Meek Mill
Many many years ago before the were illegal here to the point they are now I went to Juarez and loaded up.  They are legit.
"Loved it, but I love everything scifi and space so this was a dream come true lmao. Might have to rewatch it this weekend now."
Damn!!! Looking amazing bro. Congrats on your progress
lmfao felt that
Suicide grip on overhead press is based
I'm getting a puppy tomorrow and I'm super excited
"Yes. I remind myself that more muscle mass may translate to better strength when a proper peaking program for strength is done. When I'm doing a hypertrophy program, I focus on volume and getting after those rep PRs."
Love the way your triceps pop. Nice work.
"Hopefully you don’t track her down and send creepy, harassing DMs like you do to the women on this sub"
Even more embarrassing is that his physique isn’t insane either
"Well in Melbourne it’s a warm summer day 31c (87.8F), we have 5 new Covid cases after 2 months of none. The future is good so far. Cautiously optimistic 2021 will be a good year."
"Yes, because you had to ask"
"Yes, posture contributes, to at lot of issues, stand told keep shoulders in neutral position so they should be back not rounded forward and chest up. Chest is barely noticeable and only seen when u said. If conscious you will always spot it regardless. The only thing I can suggest is only do dumbbells and unilateral work, ditch the dips, barbell press press up and when your weaker side fails stop don't push until stronger side fails. That will help and concentrate on rear delts they help keep shoulders in neutral position and stops the rounding of shoulders"
"My dose is still relatively low. A lot of people don’t consider it a blast until 20/day and idk if I’ll bother going that high if I’m not trying to bulk. 

However, it hasn’t affected me mentally nearly as much as tren, deca, or higher test. I don’t feel like the cocky sex god I did on deca or tren, but i do feel generally good (I have a history of depression, which deca definitely made worse). Again, part of me feel like it’s apples and oranges because the lowest I’ve run tren or deca is 350/500 respectively."
"After a year of strictly dumbbell leg workouts, I’ve about had enough of this dread. Stabilizer muscles are getting crazy work though. I really notice balance improvements."
lol
I like to think that Twista was secretly aaa this whole time.
Oh no
Bro the best part is the smile. I swear it is so wholesome
Looking sick as hell brother! That V-taper is lethal 🔪🔪🔪
"Ayyy, thank you!"
Thanks!
No idea yet. My TL said it’s either General or OTH
I want to get as big as i can be without anabolics then when i cant make any good progress then take anabolics. So yeah thats why im not cutting right now and only cutting where further gains in fat would be needed . But damn 200lbs “bulked” and 175-170lbs stage conditioning by January would be amazing!
[wtf (clen and DNP to stop being fat)](https://www.reddit.com/r/moreplatesmoredates/comments/m1w1k9/would_love_to_hear_what_derek_has_to_say/)
"Congrats bro, what a change! I wish I had that kind of energy and dedication.

Are you doing anything in terms of your inside? I'm afraid you don't look much happier on the latest pictures ? Maybe coincidence, but noticable."
Use Gravitus. Really user friendly tracks pr’s and if you can’t find the exercise it prompts you to create it yourself. Can also use it for free or pay to support the creators.
Insulin is dirt cheap. Even pens 😌
I drank in college and stopped like 3 months after turning 21. Haven't had a drink since then and I'm 24 now
"Yeah it’s weird, it’s not like a crazy leptin hunger for me I actually have a tough time eating enough on cut sometimes. It’s just really specific flavor profiles that pop in my brain all of a sudden. And now I’m craving Doritos with soy sauce lol."
What are OHP numbers you consider very good? as in if you see someone doing it you turn your head a bit. Same with front squats
"Electrical engineering is a great job (I work on the thermal side of electronics). As long as you finish, loans are not a bad option for electrical engineers (assuming your in the US) as the pay is very high compared to the cost of school. Just go to an in state school.

For now though enjoy your new gig!"
"lol, would look weird considering its winter, thanks"
And looks like you lost your brain if you can't tell the difference
hahaha
"Oh it's so good! This is how I do mine:

4 egg whites

40g oat bran

1 scoop protein powder

1tbs cacao powder

and a tiny bit of baking powder"
"&gt; do you think Mike O'Hearn could do well in IFBB Classic Physique?

I don't know where the fuck his money comes from ( lives in LA, obviously on hgh, eats high quality shit only, has a massive house) but I think if he could compete with an actual shot of winning shows he would"
"Congrats brother, great delts"
Hahaha everyone has said this yet this man used to compete!! He was critiquing me actually
tell her its her fault for not being a sys admin
Good physique bro
"Just eat a maintenance, you’ll be fine."
"Thank you bro, I appreciate it… guy who came in first looked ridiculous and had crazy proportions but I think I should’ve taken it over #2. Wouldn’t be shocked if some nuances of my posing or something knocked me down a bit"
"Shit example, but I know what you’re trying to refer to . 

It’s just that it’s something as simple as a tan..."
"Thanks. I say that because I can tell I'm putting excess stress on joints, tendons, ligaments. I can feel tightness and inflammation in some of these areas so I'm being careful to focus more on form, while still doing enough weight to challenge me by doing higher reps more slowly. I don't think I'm being too cautious but rather safe than sorry. I don't have anyone to work out with. I slowly invested and cobbled together a little home gym, squat rack, bar, curl bar, some dumbbells and resistance bands, and 300lbs of weight

I feel like going for broke might set my training back. The only other time in my life where I actively lifted I remember really screwing up my shoulder and elbows. It set me back weeks and I just sort of gave up after that. I was running a basic strength program then."
"""If any of yall have some awesome ppl routines drop it below""

all frickin ppl routines are about the same boss.. I've written and read through tons of them

I'm tryna say if you're bored of your routine it's cuz you're not giving 100% to it so just take whatever routine you have and do MORE.

Switching a ppl routine would just restart your pyramid (assuming you even have one) and throw the body further out of homeostasis, and you wouldn't be doing much because they're all the frickin same bro"
"I think he might have won a few Olympias and became a famous movie star and Governor of California and owned multiple real estate in his twenties despite being an imigrant with nothing to start with but determination, could be wrong though."
"Good idea, can't be embarrassed by my calves if I don't have them."
"Sounds good, I will try this next time. I used to warm up with 1-2 sets lighter weight then do all sets to failure after that as long as it was in 8-12 rep range, if it was less than 8 I lowered weights but also to failure with lowered weights."
"You look good and have a great smile that goes well with all that effort, loving your pet!"
"That’s exactly what I am going to do, thanks!"
Fuck it. Planning on running Gamma Bomb back to back.
"Clean as shit!

You nailed the best-possible pose!"
Bad bot
Lift heavy ass weight.
"Yeah, I'm just trying to figure out a new split atm because my chest/back/legs are what I perceive to be lagging behind my arms/front/side delts. Trying to make that work in a 5 day context(really been enjoying 2 rest days compared to 1) while hitting everything twice a week is kinda tough for me to figure out."
"Haha. I suppose you are right in this sense. 

However if you were to take the average joe shmoe, and put him on TRT doses of testosterone, he would 100% without a doubt make gains better than a natural, and he will be able to surpass his genetic limit even just by a little.

In that sense, it's long term PED use (probably for life), however it's a safe practice especially when under supervision by a doctor.

Thanks for the talk brother!

Cheers!"
"Nah it's okay my friend :). It's my first time bulking/cutting, so I know nothing haha. I just don't have money for alot of the meats people talk about eating. But I've received some help from others here and I'll resort to eating fish, even though I hate it because that's all I can afford."
I’ve never had Reese’s puffs sadly
We focused on both gainz now 🚀
Just finished watching mr. robot. Good show would recommend.
Built like an absolute brick shit house. Gonna fucking kill it man.
"I started at 23 and wasted till I was almost 26 before I really figured out how to put on muscle. Others start at 30.. 35.. others are obese fucks until their 40s or 50s. 

Yes, I feel sadness that I didn't start earlier (or that I wasted years putting in the work but not seeing results), but at the same time I'm thankful that I started at all and that I have time left to die knowing that I got to a level that I'm proud of. An in a twisted way, it motivates me even more knowing that I don't have time to waste."
"I would punch those fuckers in their balls. Melissa in case you ever read this, you look great in that mug shot. Fuck haters."
"CD2 pull day today. Started off really shitty since 4 separate people called me about a test I had to take today. Was supposed to take a foreign language speaking exam at 5 PM so kinda went earlier and felt rushed during the workout, only to find out that the exam has been moved to the 13th :/. Then since I wasn’t feeling so happy I kinda just went off program and got the biggest bicep pump of my life with my cousin. Feeling good because like half my grade was in the gym at the same time and I’m looking the biggest and best out of all of em lol"
"Who's butthurt?

The guy posting a sentence quote or the people responding with paragraphs about how wrong or stupid they think that person is?

Have a good one, Stephen"
Ez bar handle (gripping the inner dip) and a lying bench.
Anybody else get a high after an insane workout not even a good one kinda like am I even alive Rn
It’s always the guys with stupid fuckin haircuts that lie about their natty status
"So I've lost around 7 kg over 12 weeks and then maintained my weight for 5 weeks. There is NO reason to lose muscle until where Im at currently. I'll for sure lose some muscle from now on tho. I'm actually honest but I guess I cant prove that, can I? I'll keep you updated untik stage and youll see me look flat af. Hopefully this will prove my innocence lol."
gotta confuse the body right babe
"Not a matter of frequency for me but a matter of self awareness and analysis.   
I did drop 50 pounds from my squats before to re-learn them.   


Ankle mobility is not taught enough. Really isn't."
"ppl will always complain man. infinite content, both educational and mindlessly entertaining, at our fingertips yet people wanted to kill themselves because they were bored being stuck at home last year"
"No you moron, you go off the image when comparing. Thats my whole fucking point you dunce. You cant compare a low res image against a high res image. Phil might very well be just better, but you cant use this image as a fair comparison. How are you asking

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;What if Phil just looks better because he is better? 

&amp;#x200B;

When thats my whole point. You cant compare with two differing resolutions, thus Phil may very well be better, but you cant know off the image. Imagine being so dumb that you insult somebody for something they're literally making a point of.  


Also that video is shit, and doesn't show even a fraction of his graininess you earwax eating cretin."
"What might a typical quad workout look like for you, if you don’t mind answering?"
"It's okay for your spinal erector muscles to have DOMS, but if the pain is in your actual lumbar spine you should lighten the weight and check your form with video."
"you pay for sex because you [look like this](https://www.reddit.com/gallery/ohnqad) and its ironic that you come here and ask 

&gt; find these roided physiques appealing

out of spite when literally no woman would find *you* appealing"
Interesting. So which do you recommend aside from chocolate mint then? Trying to get another 2.2lb bag so I don’t run out too quickly
"The 09 Olympia was INSANE. If you go 2 years back and 3 years forward, every single guy in the top 6 was either Mr O. or runner up (Jay, Branch, Dex, Phill , Kai and Víctor)."
"Just working and focusing on pain management. Nothing too exciting 🙃

Good to see you here"
Haha hopefully not for a little while he’s only 8 🤣
"As if I get my views from reddit, lol. Pretty sure the dumbest person I know in real life is smarter than you. Try understanding basic statistics next time"
Ok bud
"Right now I've been feel lazy and also just started cutting. My breakfast has been 3-6 hard boiled eggs, some fruit and a cup of coffee"
"That’s exactly why. I don’t want any cheating on something like this. The goal is to drive blood, and that works better with controlled reps. It also lets you just stay on a single incline bench for the whole set."
Is that the trick?
Shut the fuck up with your ignorant disrespectful shit
"Just do cable, the constant tension will probably be better for you in the long run anyways."
Guy ruined his joints with dry compounds for likes on Instagram. Gotta love these guys. Anyone see Connor Murphy lose his mind recently as well? Lulzy.
He was under a lot of stress because of what the IFBB did to him.  So unfair.
It is unfortunately. Imo mass should not be as dominant factor as it seems to be in classic currently. Timms to me looks classic af and a physique like that should be scoring well in the division imo. I fully accept his legs are on the smaller side but I don’t think it detracts too much from his overall package.
Good luck my dude delts and arms are shredded
"4 weeks out, Greg would say more like 10 weeks out bro, you are going to be destroying yourself in the last week to look lean. You actually look natty so try a d start dieting further out next time 🙏💪"
PR is PR no matter how much weight it is !! Celebrate your every PR
My suggestion is to ignore everyone here and keep doing what you’re doing.
Yeah I'm training at home due to lockdown so not an option unfortunately
Yea. He goes temporarily blind if he fully straightens his neck.
Why isn’t this the top comment
"People have bad reactions, but there hasn't been any deaths directly attributed to the vaccine."
"In other realms, like career, craftsmanship, etc. Striving to achieve a very high level of quality or performance is seen as a great thing. ""Never get complacent. Never accept second best."" and so on. I feel like dysmorphia is not necessarily a bad thing, it's the driving factor that pushes you to continue to improve, except this time it's your physique. It only becomes a problem when it leads to self destructive behavior and habits I think. I've been bodybuilding, not competitively, for 15+ years now and it never goes away really."
Sure but as long as you started early enough to be muscular in your early 20s you haven’t missed the prime pipe laying years so you gucci
How do I make my lower lats grow? I can never feel a real pump in my lower lats and my upper lats are really big compared to my lower lats as you can barely see them
"You have every right to be jealous but just remember you’ve got nothing to prove. She’s with you after all.
Or just up the tren"
"Motivational, I just join planet fitness today , here is the best holiday offer, This friendship is really working out. Join Planet Fitness for $1 down when you use this exclusive link!
https://www.planetfitness.com/referrals?referralCode=DDHUJ11K"
Giddy up
Lol
Thank you
"Saw a qtπ at the gym

She seemed a bit lost so I thought I could help her and maybe even shoot my shot (lost as in standing in the middle of the gym looking at machines while holding her bag in her hand)

Then she talked to a guy. Tried to see if he was her bf and did a whole shoulder and arm workout after a long chest and back workout

End of the story: idk they seem like frienss or bf and gf but it was a timewaste. At least I got a great pump."
"90% of twitter content is created by 10% of its users. 

Only 3% of its total users are American. 

That statistic is probably universally true across all platforms: majority of the content is made by a very loud, very uneducated,  and very young minority."
"Looks like you've put in the hard work, now I'm gonna tell you the same thing I tell nearly *everyone* posting their pre-contest pictures: SMILE!! The judges like a confident, comfortable smile!! That stage is yours for however many seconds you're given. *Own it*!!"
No cheat meal and kcal will drop after 12 weeks out also cardio will increase
Wow! I will try thanks for the advice pal :) never heard of that method before ☺️
Good morning hormone cycle! Dc Bulgarian squats are happening asshole.
lmao
Wow great physique! I’d say just focus on filling up more your anterior deltoids and upper glutes :)
I grasp it... I’m not gonna act like I’m blind tho lol... this is a personal sport right?  so at the end of the day  I personally think I’d wipe the floor with all these dudes and they’re all on stuff! I’m natural... I’m not even dieting down cutting shredding none of that I’m already more conditioned than the other to bums as well lol Nd don’t be upset with me calling them bums when your trying to go at me about competing and winning
Looks more like bald tires than slicks
"I only drink Mango/orange energy drinks thank you very much.  


And no i won't the world is tough no need for such pitiful shit such as empathy when you will be shown none most of the time. The only limitation is i wont fuck over others directly to get ahead but in the case of this lame ass virus the only one fucking others over are politicians not me so i'm cool."
"Forearms are one of the more attractive muscles for girls I've read

Also a lot of different lifts hit forearms even if you aren't hitting them directly"
You can save up for pec implants
Don’t forget to update us or send us your IG or something so we can follow your progress brother
Nice man. Good luck with the success gains
Wow thank you so much! 😀
Get out of here you fraud!!!
Eat more. Pretty simple stuff
"I wouldn’t say none of them are better than anyone else. I talked to them all and all were very normal people to talk to. Very humble and willing to talk shop with no preconceived notion that they were above anyone else. 
I’ve met many in different stages of readiness. If I had to choose one based on stage performance, it would be Iris Kyle. She’s done something that no man or woman has done; Win 10 Olympias. Even then, she’s as humble as it comes. 
That’s why I can’t even understand this group sometimes. People arguing with each other and don’t even know them in person. Check my post history. I took pictures with a bunch of current and past pros. Some not even pros yet. They wouldn’t even want people as fans if they saw the way they acted on these boards all in the name of supporting them. I certainly wouldn’t want someone in my corner that talks about my fellow competitor like that."
Great character.  Love when he and JD get up to some mischief around the hospital.
I usually feel disgusting after sex so i havent had post sex cuddling in a good while. The hair trick sounds lovely though!
"It wasn’t me but I can relate lmao. Gotta look shredded. Went to the pool today and someone called me swole and one of the girls got all touchy, this is it mayne"
Some crazy natty dosages brah
Sleep in the nude so i have easier access to your glutes
You smack her ass and yell for everyone to hear 'are we having sex tonight like we did this morning?'
"You look great! Maybe it’s because you’re not flexing them enough, but I’d say you might need some more forearms. How old are you? What’s your split/cardio like?"
Consider it your warmup to move all of the shit off of your equipment
Don't post this shit here
Would saltines be a good intra carb? Or am I stupidly stupid?
Thank you so much! Posing is EVERYTHING.
"I definitely see these irl in California. Not often, but it's hard to miss"
No garlic?
Yeah from my experience girls don't want the type of men who weigh out their oatmeal alevery morning
Krusteaz protein pancakes are better IMO but yes kodiak cakes are good. I like their frozen waffles too.
Been a fan of him since I first learned of him as an amateur. Always fun to watch someone do the freak factor I couldn’t/wouldn’t do. Its’s What were here for!
yeah but she should be able to not take that out on you.  You have to let her know how you feel man.  How long have you been together
"Kurwa, Looking solid my dude."
"It was me, sorry"
Cutting is when I look like an absolute monster. Bulking is when I look like shit. To each their own
I think the hand on the thighs mm would be a better pose for you. I'm not sure what you're doing with your arms here
Practice makes perfect
bless
Pectorial major in disguise
"Insane physique bro. I can tell when u carb up plus off season, you look like a beast. That’s a hell of amount of muscle for competition bf percentage"
True a lot of beginner programs. Just a bit  overbearing.
"Honestly deserved it, he looked amazing, glad he is back to competing"
"Might be the move honestly. I've had issues with staying true to my deload intensity in the past, but I think I should he experince enough now to not go crazy on my working sets during this time"
Ty brother 🙏
"Wow. Being Danish, and a fellow former BB, I approve. Dudes massive and ripped."
"Okay, what I'll do is increase it to 25kg and see what happens."
That's excruciatingly slow
It's just so sad. I literally lift in the same room where I work from home in. The only thing that keeps me doing these shitty workouts is holding on to what little I have until gyms reopen
"Proud of ya for just stepping out rather than stooping to their level. If you choose to delete it, just know we're proud of ya.

&amp; don't apologize for posting here, the DD is like a big ass brotherhood. We're here for u."
none of what you said is true. Ask in the beginner threads on r/fitness
Nice! Make sure you’re sleeping and eating on this one. When is your Turk write up gonna be up?
Thanks!!
god r/fitness is such a circlejerk of 5/3/1 jesus christ. its like they havent heard of literally any other style of programming. Their weekly threads are very good for new lifters though i will say that.
"You’re most likely doing BB rows wrong, check out Mike israetels video about it. It’s a difficult exercise, you literally can’t move a lot of weight doing it

https://youtu.be/xVFU7XSgdxI"
"Nice, do you like it better than training quads and hams together? I'm thinking about trying this split out in a month or so. The total amount of volume for quads and hams will be about the same but I'm hoping my sets will be higher quality this way 

\- quads  
\- Chest, tricep  
\- Back, bicep  
\- Off  
\- Chest, delts   
\- hams, back  
\- Off"
Ty b. Honestly just keep squatting. I could barely do a 60 kg squat when I started at 75kg. 3 or 4 years later here I am.
Genetics are absolutely bonkers. Good fucking shit my dude!
"Fitness industry is full of bullshit so you have to navigate it carefully to find the right information. The basics of bodybuilding are:

1. Progressive Overload 
2. Diet
3. Consistency 

Most people on here would follow a 6x/week workout split. Something like the Reddit PPL which you can find [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/comments/37ylk5/a_linear_progression_based_ppl_program_for/) is commonly recommended. If 6 days a week is too much, a U/L/P/P/L split can be used for 5x/week or a U/L/U/L for 4x a week. These are SPLITS. A split without progression is NOT a program. A program has some sort of progression design. Without progression, it’s gonna be hard to build muscle and become a muscular freak of nature. Get in the gym with a plan, stick to it and work hard. Bodybuilding is a marathon not a sprint. 

On diet, you gotta eat if you want to grow. But you don’t wanna eat *too* much. A caloric surplus of 300-500 calories over your maintenance calories is generally appropriate, but everyone is different and you’ll have to adjust your calories as needed. Track your weight everyday in the morning as soon as you wake up, and take the average of the week. You want to be gaining around 1lb per week, a little less/more is okay especially as a novice. Around here we generally recommend 1g protein per 1lb of your body weight. For fats, 0.3g/lb of body weight is sufficient for hormonal balance. Fill the rest of your needed calories with carbs. Eat 50-75% of your carbs around workout times if you are able as they fuel your workouts. This can seem like a ton of info to start with but if you need help with macros just send me a PM and we can figure it out. You should be getting majority of your calories from whole food if possible. No supplements are truly necessary, but a protein powder like whey or a vegan powder can be helpful to fill in gaps. Whole food provide the micronutrients your body needs to function. MyProtein is popular here and they are always running huge sales. Check them out. 

That’s about it. Tried to keep it informative and shortish."
"Yeah, I should have monetized my masturbatory habits a long time ago"
Yea natural af 🤣
i can hardly even just squat in one session lol.
Got it. Wish you well on your journey!
Amazon -  musclealive
"What country? Even less chance if you’re not, the amount of foreign military there is pretty tiny now and once the US leaves it’s going to be essentially 0."
"Describe how to do a lift using only horrible boomer gym rat tips only and I’ll guess the exercise.

I’ll start: grip as wide at the bar will allow, choose a weight around 180% of your 1RM, hurl your upper body backwards as fast as possible while bringing the bar 9” toward your chest. Repeat for sets of 10."
Thanks
I am not sure if I feeling jealous of them is morally right
"Definitely Phil, thicker and broader pecs while Jay's pecs probably lose in competition with his massive Delts, in this pose at the least.
But in terms of hardness, Jay is stomping over Mr 'hide da gut'"
"I mean, Nick's conditioning is insane"
Personally I like modern bodybuilding better
"Precisely. Serge was the best ""standing there looking good"" bodybuilder potentially ever. However when you look at him in actual poses, next to other competitors, he really doesn't compare.  Most of the aesthetics fanboys on reddit just don't seem to understand that."
Ahww thank you 😊
Or that. Just make sure you get it in! Everybody even me has an imbalance just human nature we aren’t perfectly balanced. And we damn sure don’t walk stand or train perfectly anatomically correct. And that has an overall effect! Anyways you got this !
"Wrong sub, try r/nattyorjuice"
"Yeah shape proportion and all but this is open, Nick looks like he's got 30 pounds on him. Wondering if Nick can beat Hassan Mostafa"
"Makes you feel like a robot lol

I hit it hard in my 3rd/4th year of university, probably 2x a week for those two years

Get shit done tho"
"Yes, thanks for the reply! It's easier to visualise the pinkies using a machine than it is with dumbbells."
Consistency and hard work man. Keep doing what you’re doing and just push yourself. 90% of bodybuilding is patience. You look very well developed as is and you can only progress from there. Keep it up!
"Yeah I’ve been meaning to tell you you can take the guest bedroom, no one uses it anyway"
Thank you. It’s my peace sign
"Well yeah I agree there will be potentially large variance from individual to individual. But I did not ask anyone to prescribe me a generic peak week protocol nor did I ask what the best peak week was. I am just interested in hearing what strategies worked and did not for different individuals.  Just like tips on training, supplements and diet you can take ideas and try strategies from others without blindly copying the entire protocol."
Yeah for 2 seconds. Big letdown
Damn looking great man
"If you have a shitty day, I hate to say it, but it’s kinda on you. So, you know shit happens and we go through shit, but you just gotta work through it. Keep pushing forward, don’t let anything fucking bring you down"
Wow. Thanks for the info. I feel like that must be really frustrating to get to that point and know you will never get gold next to another guy that just won the genetic lottery :/
Completely agree! You can only keep bulking for so long. As you bulk you constantly need to adjust your maintenance calories and it gets to a point where pushing further into a bulk gets harder and harder. Cutting back for a couple months as a “reset” is super beneficial and will allow you to bulk further next time
Died in his sleep. 😔
"5’8” - 5’11” imo.  
That said, great for bodybuilding in terms of muscle bodies, proportions etc. but then you would have to be 5’8” - 5’11”."
"The biggest problem comes with online gaming. It seems like anymore, if you dont pour at least 5 hours a day into a game, youre gonna suck. There isn't casual online gaming anymore."
Couldn’t agree more. Terry is my favorite men’s physique athlete
"good fucking morning god damn it

i hope everyone has a great fucking day today"
"No one who jumps on the cycle starts with this sort of mentality I don't think, people usually have unrealistic expectations and end up settling for whatever they end up with due their inadequate discipline, diet, training etc

Bonus points for blaming their own genetics"
Yes. On most onstage pictures of Arnold his waist is very wide.
Holy shit
"Good package. Most conditioned on stage. You have to work on your posing brother. Side poses need correction. What's your bulking cycle like?
I'm thinking about competing next year."
"1. it's healthy. it's strength training FOR YOUR HEART
2. it will make you better at lifting. shorter rest periods, better work capacity
3. you might get a ""runner's high"" (happens even if you aren't running)
4. you can eat more"
"Thanks for your comment, have a good one man."
Go for it. Only reason i stopped is because i want to train more often than 3 times per week. But to this day and probably forever i’ll run a low volume high intensity type set-up
Welcome to the club!
Yeah but by the time the Olympia was a thing he was 39 and already deep in to his acting career.
"No, because brachioradialis insertion is distal to those lumps and the brachialis is under the distal bicep"
Very true. It’s just one of those days ya know. Gotta stay strong mentally and physically if possible
I have a shitty diet  and low blood sugar wakes me up in the middle of the night so that I can eat candy and go back to sleep. That's about the extent of my eating 'according to blood sugar' goes.
Im still growing up man.
"ROFL this is so well written that guys and gals like us can see it's a joke, but a normie would read it and think it was being serious. I love how the article starts with the picture of those 3 dudes who are obviously natty and then just jumps straight into Ohearn and Coleman lol"
"About to stop by a gym in a beach town I've been doing drop-ins at for over 20 years. 

More than half the equipment is the same stuff from when they opened in the 90s. Some notable equipment is a Strive preacher curl, Precor standing leg curl, Flex hack, and a weird Flex ab machine.  

There's some Flex bench and incline benches with some of the worst geometry ever that makes free weight pressing feel like a suicide mission."
That scar makes him look pretty susceptible tbh
Same feeling rn. Feeling so small and yet so fat
How much weight did you lose?
"They have it, it's just really shitty. But you are right."
"It's amazing but takes so much time, sets end up being too long."
Great side chest pose💪
Thanks for the tips guys one last thing I'm 11% fat should i cut more or just start bulking right away ?
"Nah, you did what was right BB.  You didn’t wreck shit bro, your mom did."
You can do whatever you want. It’s your training program.
"I did! Gamma Bomb Week 2 Leg Day. 

Fun stuff."
Congrats bro! Keep at it and you might have to change that name soon lol
"I will elaborate though, depending on how low you are, there comes a point where I stop lowering calories and increase cardio instead"
Bro you have no idea how much that means!
Wow that’s incredible. You’re probably the only person who had a full v taper before you ever lifted a weight haha. You were made for this sport
"crazy how much time brad has to post here but no time to get bloodwork, but im sure he will have even more time to post here AND get more regular bloodwork from his hospital room."
Nice vagina?
Muscles like sugar. Pancreas does not.
You're having a sleepover with your teacher? wtf
It's never too late to get blocking boo
That's an interesting choice. Sexuality is weird
Haha yes exactly. Appreciate it man!
"Whats achievable with good genetics, optimized training and diet and only low doses of Test (high levels of TRT)?"
Youre call man. If you feel good there's no reason to supplement more but d3 is one of the most powerful nutrients out there. My capsules are 250mcg/10000iu
You look great
I’m 32in thighs and I wear billabong casual. They stretch too which is nice. It’s like their casual shorts that are also submersible.
Are you honestly making fun of someone for using gear on a bodybuilding sub? Someone who is actively competing? Yeah he could use some accutane or maybe manage his AI better but backing off the gear is just a dumb thing to suggest to someone 4 weeks out. Like yeah sure buddy he's gonna just decide to stop what he's doing after he's dedicated all the the and energy because someome online saw some zits.
Looking great man!
"&gt;we can all pretend its some issue with the sport and write long posts and feel better about ourselves 

What part of this doesn't read like a sarcastic passive aggressive comment intended to belittle me? The whole ""feel better about ourselves"" thing sure sounds like an insult to me."
where's weak point Wednesday? I swear it only gets posted every other week if at all
He’d make a good NFL Qb
Amazon
"Calm down, peanut."
"""His ass starts in the middle of his back and goes to the middle of his knee."""
Top comment.
Not that it really matters but what do you guys consider a respectable DB shoulder press?
Massive improvement.
As you wish master
"You're straight up growing outwards, like anymore wide and you won't be able to fit through that door frame man jesus lol, any side chest pics? Also, what doses of each compound are you running? Has the tren made you venture over to the tranny porn section of pornhub yet?"
He was like 280 here lol
Had a good leg day. Added weight to everything. Can’t wait to cut/prep. I feel like I look DYEL at this point just because of body fat. :(
LOOK AT THAT FREAK! :o
Hope you get better &amp; find out what's up brother. Stay healthy.
You could do some banded good mornings(john meadows style). Those always give my hamstrings an absolutely crazy stretch.
"Go-getter.   
High achieving, focused, sets goals and attains them."
"Nice rear glute spread. Seems like all the helmet training paid off, good job!"
"Which bodybuilding / fitness youtubers should I follow that regularly post content?

YouTube"
How do people flex hard without cramping? Doesn't happen all the time but sometimes when I try to flex my quads or calves hard they cramp quite a bit
Tell him he wouldn't kiss your taint :*
"Huh, that’s very impressive. I want to see his back tho"
"Drop to maintanence for the week, best you can do is reduce bloat, water or any additional weight gain"
I meant it looked kinda weird if you compare it to the other arm. No disrespect lmao. Maybe your bicep just has some weird muscle fibers or something haha
"Looks like you put in a lot of work from being the fat guy to the shredded guy, goodjob."
"Currently running JP’s PPL, it’s great as long as you push the intensity to failure like you need to. Haven’t done PH3 but I think it’s more powerlifting focused."
So damn ready for it.
I love you.
"For sure, I think he has possibly the most complete physique just needs to be conditioned well, he comes in dry and the title is his"
Recomendations after a fresh arm tattoo? How long  should i wait to workout my bíceps
Now why on earth would I want to do that?!
When I was your age I looked like I was 12
That's true. Can't believe I forgot about the grapefruit lmao
"You realize they're totally legal in a huge amount of countries, right?"
Heroin being good or bad wasn't even the point being made dude. r/woosh
"I love getting the 3 am sick party call, get on scene “I just don’t feel that great” talk to him for a few minutes and he goes “I think I’ll just drive myself”"
Whoa dude! Amazing!
Being religious probably helps
"Bros im in need of help, Im going to get a photo for an ID so I need to know how to get some serious neck gains I dont care if I spend all my time just working on my neck, after I get the photo I'll workout evenly, so what exercises do you guys recommend?"
"Me too, and I hope when he sits down to eat dinner tonight his only response is ""wow, this food is mediocre at best"""
Good shit bro
"You, a drop of water, are returned to the ocean."
"Lol, seems like you have quite a funny life.

And definitely, real confidence is very uncommon so guess that differentiates the ones that have it. With less attractive women I guess it's about them themselves being unconfident AF (although have known plenty of beautiful women that also are that way). Probably confident people don't like unconfident ones, that's my case at least, after having a girlfriend that was like that it's something I don't want to live again haha."
You can but you won’t. I promise you that much.
Bro.. there’s so much wrong with this way of thinking 🤦🏼‍♂️
You’ve come along way. Keep it up! Great job...no depression. Now your inspiration
"Sam want 37% of that.  

Congratulations my man. Now YOLO it all onto OTM SPY calls and you can be a millionaire in days!"
You can easily get doms even after lifting for years. Even 10 more weekly leg sets would probably get you there if you only workout legs once a week.
"Companionship, love &amp; support honestly. Nothing feels better imo than to get it from a sole person that will stand by you no matter what."
Oh my god fuck how did I miss out on that. I'm a disgrace
Everyone in this thread is missing the point…
All the stupid face post about Logan legit make me just roll my eyes
"Pretty sure his momma and others in his family have it the same, sans drugs. Idk where he said it but he addressed it."
I always say as long as they have a good set of wheels its fine
Best of luck 🤞
For me it's isolation stuff that takes a hit like lat raises and curls.
"Going to try to keep this thread alive. 

Some vacation pics from the last week worth mirin. 

https://imgur.com/a/FCCPtrT/"
I was doing this bit where I was a fake sam taking over this account but I got so frustrated about this I ruined it and also wasted 2 hours of my life trying to help someone that thinks the know everything
who cares what random people on the internet says
Roasted sweet potato with raw rice sprinkled on top to add some crunch.
"Did that in the military, I got better at pullups."
"Yeah you basically just post business stuff on there 

I take linked in courses a few times a week and post them when I do to stay up to date on current marketing studies and trends."
Yeah because she's a dumb cunt.
"Everyone in the world is motivated by fear. No one wants failure. Fearing poverty is just another way of saying you want to succeed. They are one in the same.

You can still love yourself. Fearing failure and loving yourself don’t contradict at all. These two things aren’t mutually exclusive. I fear failure and want to succeed, all while loving myself."
Thank you!!
"Oh shit, didn't know that there was a third as well."
This comment as well is what you consider “hogwash”. Based off of your statement we should only be doing isolated lifts for specificity and no compounds lifts. You act as if your word is final. Lol gtfo of here idiot
"Being able to truly bulk is both a great and bad feeling. I always feel so disgusted at myself, but the feeling of being big is so nice."
Yeah but what about 99 lbs ?
"Thanks bro, we're all gonna make it!"
"Thank you - the braids are new for me, I’ve wanted long hair since I was a kid and so I’m just living out a dream! I’ll tie them all the way back next time!"
"Are the size of your biceps more important than your health?

You aren't even an adult yet nor reached your full potential and you want to take something that will leave you with problems latter on? The future seems distant, but eventually you will be there... Just don't regret it when you get there"
"Bad news: you probably do  
Good news: there are a lot of resources and organizations that can help"
My barber would like a word with you 😡
Looks more like the King of the North. Looking great though
He has such an odd shape.
A more effective way to not have to spend so much on toilet paper would be to eat a diet model that doesn't have you going to the bathroom to shit 12 times a day.
They are pretty much the same height. Plenty of pictures of them standing together at the 2010 and 2011 Olympias.
"Based on winners at the pro level, yes. They want some slightly shredded girls with lines. Not veiny, but better separation. They want a 6 pack and clearly visible separation of the glutes from the hams."
I just love this man. I am doing one of his programs and it is 🔥
honestly he looks like he is on gear and doesnt have the genes for bodybuilding or started early. But maybe his work will pay off cant say anything for sure.
It bothers me that even when someone is willing to admit to using steroids they still feel the need to say “you’d be surprised how little I use”. Just say you’re using and leave it at that
"Nolva makes me mad fuckin depressed so I can't take it. Like, zero drive to do anything, absolutely soul crushing."
"omg thats so fricking hot, wish that happened to me

why did u leave????? it would be awkward for her every time she saw you afterwards, maybe she'd try and turn that into a frick, to erase the awkwardness.... i mean if you have already seen her boobs its like y'all have fricked, or at least titty-fricked"
Package looking nice.
"Any exercise is better than no exercise

Do bodyweight exercises or go for a run if that's all you have access to"
"Correct, and obviously genetics play a huge role in the size and shape of certain muscles, but overall its about hypertrophy in general"
"Help! Tricep workouts that aren’t intensely elbow demanding?

Hi my friends, I’m a 19yo that’s been going to the gym for a few years now. I am pretty content with my body, with the exception of my triceps which are lacking compared to the rest of my body.

I broke my left elbow as a child and it didn’t heal properly. My elbow clicks as a result of my injury to this day, it’s pretty painful. I feel like I lose a lot of my strength when it happens. 

The only tricep exercise I have been doing consistently without problem is the tricep cable pull down. I have tried tricep extensions and it’s absolute hell for me. I also have problems with closer gripped bench press and closer gripped pushups. 

TLDR: Broke my elbow. It healed Funny. Can only do cable pull downs without my elbow going crazy. Do you have any recommendations on workouts I can possibly do/try? 

Thanks🙏"
I didn’t want to assume but that will definitely make it possible. I think your shape will be quite pleasing with the fat removed.
You don't think smash is a good addition to leg day?
like pea protein? ... \*rolls eyes\*
Idk abt that but it was definitely there in the tris and bis
"Whats the dumbest thing you bros have lost money on recently

I tried taking Muay Tai classes and accidentally walked into the Taekwondo room. I asked the Korean national instructor where was Muay at and he told me this was the class. Mind the language barrier, because he kept asking for 300$ when the Muay class was 190$, and after I kept telling him thats not what the flier says, I figured it was an upcharge since he kept claiming that he does Muay Thai and Taekwondo. Forward to this week where I get a White uniform and only do Taekwondo, and one of the students in small talk mentioned that it was in ANOTHER stretch room in the gym that I didnt know about. Dudes wont give me a refund on the 2 day uniform that costed me upwards to 200$"
It’s always the one who fucks the least that talks this shit
Hahaha Mike is on steroids nice 😂 more like Mike O’Tren amiright boys? Eat clen tren hard LMAO anavar give up 😳
Oh a cs player :D. Im a little late but love seeing cs players. You got an esea or faceit? May have seen you around. jmaham23 on esea. Dont play at all anymore tho
Anyone have some sick seasoning / recipes for ground beef and rice I’m getting tired of eating it with just soy sauce.
"I’ll chip in like a few bucks

Anyone else wanna add? /u/INTHEMIDSTOFLIONS /u/Foreversmalll /u/rsteroidsthroway /u/DICK-FUCK-PUSSY-SUCK"
"Large amounts of lots of things fuck people up most of the time, yes. But there's a reason Keith Richards is still alive. Some people are just built different."
"Get so swole she gets a crush on you, it’s really your only chance tbh"
That sucks. Vaccine roll out not going well?
"Today is a GREAT DAY. 

Had a fantastic gun run on my lunch break.

https://imgur.com/a/dbJaby7 - 185, 6', arms currently at 15.25 w/ pump. Got them back up to 16.0/190# in November but some personal things set me back down to 15.0/182#"" and , climbing back up, up .25"" in the last 4 weeks. Shit happens. Climbing back up. 

Today's home gym **arm**ageddon: Barbell, dumbbells, an arm blaster, and a flat bench. 

10x10 ARM BLASTER bb curls

10x20 overhead extension

6x10 CG Bench

6x10 DB Hammer Curls

60 second rest between sets. Slow reps, hold squeeze, make it burn, bb! 6 meals again today. Walked my dog 5k steps before work, gonna hit another 5k after work. Weights climbing up, waist is staying slim, lets do this. 215 here I come, boys."
"Just stop back by this Daily Discussion thread every day and the sub will start to grow on you. There's not as much debauchery as in the /r/steroids daily threads, but there's still some good info and wholesome people here"
lol that’s the dumbest thing ever. Wtf
Thanks my man!!
No. It’s a large space. Just don’t know if the power rack is worth almost double.
Bitch the weight ain't high enough if the first rep is super easy. You gotta tell em.
All good thank you
I use close-grip to mainly engage my tris. It gets very arm-dominant for me with tucked elbows.
Who said leave 3 reps in the tank ? Who said ALWAYS train like that ?
i wish my gym had a pendulum squat or a hack squat with shoulder pads 🤤🤤
"Jokes on you, i peaked in highschool."
Good luck with the show!
No one cares.
"See a good amount of bikini girls doing a run of shows back to back to back.  Is that common? Feels like you could optimally peak once, maybe twice before losing a significant amount of size"
"I love Seth. Videos, podcasts, supplements. Vulgar and to the point, my kind of man."
Man I thought I was weird for having acne on my thighs. Nice to know someone else has it
Jealous of that ridiculous chest. My weak point for sure.
"If you ask for help writing a program, stop it. 

Follow a program made my a professional. 

It's not like they're hard to find or cost much / anything."
Any of you fellow gym bros have a solid Spotify playlist you want to share? going for a bench pr today need the good tunes
i don’t see a problem with this
"Butter lettuce is really good, so is romaine. Also low fat cheese, some tomatoes, cucumber, chicken.

They also sell steak for pretty low at my local Aldi so that's nice."
Yeah I'm seeing the beginnings of tortoise shell abs.
"Damn, only 2 years and not even all of that lifting properly? You've got incredible potential!"
"Bro. Sucking dick is like the least gay thing there is. You know why? Because it’s the *opposite* of eating pussy, which is gay *as fuck*. You know what goes in there? **Dicks**. What could *be gayer* than shoving your face in something *purpose built* by **nature itself** to *receive dicks?*"
"its a great approach, the only thing id probably add is putting more volume into weak points and less into strong points, if your at that level."
"Honestly mate, just open YouTube and learn everything you can. Get in the gym and start lifting you'll love it. Doesn't take much thought than that. You'll figure it out"
"No, I've just always really like rice Krispy treats and pop tarts and try to justify eating those over ""healthy"" sugar alternatives. Obviously, not a big deal if the rest of diet is good, but still feel the need to justify it."
Your future blood work is crying Brad.
" Has anyone here encountered a serious plateau when it comes to putting on lean muscle mass, and how did they get past it?

I've gone from 160 lbs in March 2020 at 25% BF down to 126 lbs at 7.4% BF in October 2021. I wanted to do a slow bulk since then and have gained steadily at a pace of 2 lbs a month.

My routine is pretty intense, I run almost 20 miles a week and lift every day except for 1 off day. I'm sore after my lifts, and I've been steadily increasing my lifts for the first time in what feels like 3 years. I let my diet slip for about 5 weeks in Jan/Feb where I wasn't tracking (except for making sure I got enough protein), but otherwise I aim for only a 2-300 calorie surplus each day.

All this being said, I have literally only put on fat since reaching my lowest weight in October 2020. It's pretty damn depressing but I feel like I have to accept this base of muscle is all my body is capable of supporting. Has anyone managed to significantly increase their muscle mass after 5-6 years of training?

Imgur Link to Dexa Scans: [https://imgur.com/gallery/dU8fNpW](https://imgur.com/gallery/dU8fNpW)"
Its piss
I know I'm joking
"Thanks for the humble brag, I guess? Congrats on your longevity though. That's impressive"
"No. He means pounds. Ben Shapiro is starting a foreign exchange currency service where he changes USD's into GBP's, thus ""owning those pounds"""
"Damn, [you shrunk an inch and gained 30 Lbs in 3 months?](https://www.reddit.com/r/nattyorjuice/comments/lpe1r0/if_your_think_its_just_the_teens_and_20/gof6wav?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share&amp;context=3)"
"Explanation is typically: When you cut for a while, as you lose weight your metabolism will come down and start to match up with your current intake.  A refeed gets your body to say ""oh shit, more calories, fire up the engine boys!"" and gives you a bump for a couple days."
Lol
I just think I this is a good place to get good advice on losing weight. Definitely one of the best on Reddit!
What gear are you running? You look great
"Guessing off of the top of my head here, but I'm pretty sure it's a 25G 1""."
Really guys? No love here for [Jay’s side tri?](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-HDEJf9VnDMk/VONXo0_H-eI/AAAAAAAAAMM/9-2j_-U03CE/s1600/jay%2Bcutler3.jpg)
Thank you for taking the time explaining this. It is a challenge now but once sorted it's nothing. Will look into the bigger container option 👍🏻 thanks
beleive me im way ahead of you. I just like not having my phone in my pocket. its really nice not having to worry bout a thin glass rectangle while throwing weight around.
"Alright then, be so kind as to inform me. Open my mind into the wonderful world of steroids"
"Am taking creatine, whey, citrulline malate amd beta alanine. Wondering if am missing any major ones?"
"Thanks for the reply 

Yes it is a strength training program
Is a barbell all I'm lacking? Because even in a hypertrophy based program I still need overloading

I'm 18 years old and it's barely been a year for me training my training has been all over the place I just needed to start I didn't bother with too much research I threw together some compound exercises and started having 4 meals a day with push pull legs and it worked to an extent until I realised I'm not actually overloading my muscles and I feel my progress has slowed

And about calisthenics it must be somewhat good for progress because most of its movements are compounds I would like a v taper with bigger arms and abs are none of my priority but I don't want a fat belly either

I've been lean bulking and I calculated my maintenance I've been going around on a small surplus of it yet it's the training part bothering me because I still don't have a solid regime for it"
"This is the most insecure shit I’ve ever read. Dude is trying to help you not fuck your body/hormones up, not try to be a tough guy."
Thanks!
these dudes aren't rewarded on stage for their brain cells lol. combine that with drug abuse and fragile egos and you get to see some mind-blowing idiocy.
Exactly just stay focused and keep crushing your prep
"That's amazing! Anything 80+ is pretty great, especially with those circumstances lol."
This troll is fun.
"Years ago when I was working really hard on rebuilding my credit I was in the same spot. I just asked for a random amount. Probably like 5k? Think they may have given me like 3 or something like that. Been a long time but what I’m trying to say is I think even if you ask for more than they’d give, they may still give you some sort of increase."
In your first pic you look like a yoked Danny Pudi
"Yes, at the start everything sucks. My bench at the start was super shaky and one side overpowered the other. Give it a few weeks and everything will be fine.

Don't forget to do isolation exercises too. (biceps, triceps, upper back, delts, quads, hams).

The best tip I can give you is to think about lifting progress in years, just be consistent. This takes time (even if you are using gear), enjoy the process."
"Nope, I'm too much of a fatass haha don't know if sometime I will. Many people around here have done tho."
"Back is good, lats are okay, delts and forearms are fucken' tight"
"I agree it’s hard to hit all upper body on an upper lower split unless you have a lot of time. I got around this by door by direct shoulder work on lower days.

Recently changed to a 4 day push pull split and am finding it much easier to hit everything effectively, though am missing full upper body pumps!"
It's just a copy pasta lol
Just leave a mallet next to it so you can hammer it straight again and actually pull it out.
"No magic answers! High protein diet balanced diet, sustainable approach to your nutrition so you can maintain it (not too strict in off season), and I write my own training programs. 
It’s all about sticking to the basics in a way that is sustainable for you"
Who tf is curling 30kg in I’m assuming dumbbells
Wow your back! Wish mine would grow like that talk about lats 💪💪
"It's good for older folks trying to maintain fitness or lose weight. The folks I know who like it best are all 50+ and not really looking to develop. I do think free donut and pizza day is a good way to accomplish that goal, though."
I feel like that Kevin thing is way overstated.
Sure! Just gain 20 lbs
Yeah that shit is very concerning lol
This is an introverted gym rat’s wet dream! I hate having to ask for a spot.
"I had to drop the cals and change my diet, taking a shit is the most painful thing in the world. If I had it my way, I'd keep on eating and packing mass on."
Are there any others that you would recommend?
No homo? Lmao
"""Doc, I've been feeling a little down lately and my sex drive has been kind of low :/""

""Mmm, I see. We'll just get you on a gram of test, a gram of tren, some primabolan, Anavar, clen, winstrol, and some hgh. Let me know if that improves your symptoms""."
"Damn! Has he really said that? 😓 I hope not, his health and quality of life is super important above all but DAMN It’ll hurt if he goes"
"I really hope the IFBB tries to imitate NABBA’s style. It makes for a much better experience for the viewers and competitors. The changes in lighting through the performance really makes the routines seem much more dramatized, which is a desirable thing (I assume)."
"Fuck off, creep."
"Maybe you're right. Dodging hand grenades in the jungles of Asia is no sign that he's ""hard-core"" enough to grind those workouts day in day out and get down to single digit body fat. 

In his defence, shredded glutes weren't a thing in his day. (they weren't a thing in my day either c. 1997-2000, I've come back to bodybuilding in middle age and been astonished to find that it's somehow made itself even gayer)

He does have several plastic trophies - awarded him by the Mitchell Park Cricket Club."
Thank you :)
This is the best thing ive seen in a minute. If i had money id give you an award. Thank you &lt;3
Started using Strong 3 weeks ago. It's pretty good for tracking. Dunno about analytics. Before that I used text files in Dropbox.
"Yeah having a group of friends irl that you can play/chat online with is awesome when you don't like being social all the time. I don't play as many games as I used to, but me and the boys will get in discord on the semi regular and shot the shit."
The lighting at their shows is amazing tbf.
"Hell yes. Way more accurate and almost every item has a gram measurement.

MFP be like ""2 tablespoons"" or ""3 1/2 cups"" or ""7.5 ounces"" or some other bullshit like we're baking cake and not simply wanting to know weight."
"It's worth it for this kid to know that the science really is on his side, even if the worst part of this community is rearing its ugly head. Thanks for your help throughout this dumpster fire of a thread too!"
"""Just don't be old or sick, make sure you are fully aware of any genetic silver bullets! No biggie!"""
"Nah, deffo sauce."
chilling in the dd between rectum pushes
"There’s a super hot mom division now?!  I’m suddenly way more into the shows then I was previously.

Quips aside, you have a very solid frame.  Obviously it’s hard to give any sort of real advice until we see what the judges are looking for in the division for a year or two.

That being said, try to find a place with standardized lighting, and buy a posing suit, as somebody mentioned earlier.  Light from behind and from your side isn’t going to do you any favors.  Think about how gym/modeling lights are arranged to showcase different physique aspects and try to incorporate those things into your posing&amp;progress.

Also, time to learn to pose :). Either hire somebody or start practicing like your life depends on it.

Wishing you luck!  Arms look great!"
That’s cool. I’m natty too
Death Star delts
Sounds like its just to get it in 2021 for the profit
"hell no. I do it on bulks, but on cuts I would be too paranoid and never enjoy anything"
Oh okay well damn your fine 🔥
That program though... yikes. Dumbbell deadlifts? Not sure if this routine is the best option.
"Fuck man!!! You look like you are made of rock, I mean solid rocks!!! You are going to beat the shit out of them"
"Wondered why I slept so bad last night, realised the clocks went back and my alarm clock automatically changed."
Thank you!
retard circle jerking about dosages when they were using everything available to them
"Funny because america is such a top dog theres literally mcdonalds globally. So theres no excuse, but like others said, want wider hips? Either get pregnant or put some meat on your bones, both will work."
Hey dude just try and feel as comfortable with yourself as you can. I know I held on the first few times this passed week but eventually I just sat with the moment and let it all flow.
You gained 20lbs in 4 months during puberty?
"So the Arnold classic isn’t classic? Fuck me for assuming, lol"
"I was having a really hard time cutting and my buddy is way smarter than me about such things so I talked to him and he said ""If you are doing everything right and not able to cut, something is wrong"" and he said it was probably a thyroid issue but could be a test issue. There is a TRT clinic here that advertises they check everything and work on general health issues first before going into TRT so I went there. Turns out I had a 100% clean bill of health, and I just had super low T levels."
"Hey man, just wanted to help you get the best out of your workout. But you can watch me blow dry my balls in the locker room later if its any consolation"
"Piggy backing off this. Some of the best friends I’ve made have been in the gym. Talk to some of the regulars. Ask a question or two. Before you know it, you have friends just as crazy about the sport as you. As for a girlfriend, finding one that exercises would be ideal but it doesn’t have to be the case. Just find a girl that respects that you want to be a better version of yourself and has at least one goal for improving herself as well- whether that’s education or work or creative expression, whatever. 
Also, sure it might become a personality trait for a while but eventually you’ll find your gym mentality seeping over into other areas of life. Eventually you’ll be more known as a confident and driven individual rather than a gym douche, but the gym douche step is a pretty common stepping stone.
Also, I’m sorry about your friend OP. I’m happy you used something like the gym to cope rather than any number of harmful things you could’ve fallen into."
"Best budget EAAs?

  I don't need them to be flavored"
Are there any supplements actually worth it?
"Achy, not itchy. I'm just aching all the time I'm out of the gym. It's like this constant ache all over my body, mainly the shoulder area. But it leaves me irritable and in a bad mood all the time."
Thanks Lanky-Run!
"I'm a fan of his YouTube channel. He was an excellent champion as Mr O. You did well! Good for you bro! Any others on the horizon for you, or you calling it for the rest of this season?"
How important is MMC for bodybuilding?
"I actually really like going to the gym, even if it's busy I would work around it or take my time. I only ever see the same 8-10 people at work so the stimulation is nice. But I work 2-10pm now and winters in the midwest are brutal.

I bought a house and spent $1800 dollars and bought a power rack with cable attachments and man, it's so easy lifting now. Takes 45 minutes what would take over 1h15m at a gym. I can wake up, walk 30 seconds to it, fold my laundry in between sets, etc. Pretty solid choice"
"Hahah funnily enough this was the process I had in my mind originally but was like “uuhhh maybe not”

Edit: the one plus is money not such a problem for us (praise the music gods)  the bigger problem is tour buses lack decent cooking facilities"
"There's a program I want to run that has a five or six day option (three days PPL with two or three pump days). My schedule won't allow me to train six days a week, but I still wanted to run the six day option to hit all bodypart pump days. Would it work alright for me to follow the order of the days, but add in an off day when necessary?"
"She’s definitely gained muscle in her arms compared to how slender she was before. I mean, she’s the new Thor so of course she’s gained weight."
Sounds like you still haven't pulled heavy
Idk if gymshark does lined shorts and I feel like their stuff is kinda cheaply made
Haha it’s rough cutting this much weight over and over. I’ll just get down to a baseline hopefully by the end of the year and then lean bulk
It's extremely low for a 29 year old male. Go see a doctor.
"Anytime man, thank you for being receptive. Reach out whenever. My IG is gdbodybuilds."
"My man, you look like Corey Taylor’s long lost brother. It’s almost weird how much you look alike."
Congrats to Anthony! Well earned.
"I can do it for you if you want, you fat piece of shit"
"Oh shit someone actually seeing my ig lol.

Thanks! Yeah still about 3 more weeks til i start prep and cutting more cals I'm only at like a 150 cal deficit rn and off everything. 

This prep is gonna be a bit of experimenting since I'm in a new weight class and so many people qualify for nationals so I can take more risks and not worry as much."
I want to be the most natty cancer patient in the hospital so okay.
How else do I kill the remaining semen?
Cool story breh
Extreme lethargy and crazy edema were the primary two. I now am a huge advocate on yearly blood work for everyone just to be safe. Simple prevention and looking for things can save a lot of future headache
Agreed!
i want to lick your abs and chest is that weird
And Kaz said they were fake plates?
"&gt;Thoughts?

Only that it's immoral for you to compete in a federation aimed for naturals.

That aside, looking good."
💪 thanks Dan
"Thanks for the tip man, I’ll have to check that out!"
It really sucks that they didn’t keep all the mandatories in classic
Definitely down voting this sub lmao dude has like the most desirable physique and 2x Mr. Olympia......and you’re comparing him to Logan......
Posted a few days ago saying my friend was trying to convince me to go to an EDM festival with him but I wasn’t sure if I wanted to. People were saying they’re a blast and holy shit that might be the most fun I’ve ever had in my life
"Very hard! Practice breathing through your chest and keeping your core tight. One easy way to find someone locally—find out who the promoter of your show is, contact them and they will more than likely be able to connect you with some people. The promoter wants people to have a good experience and ultimately come back, and having a good experience means being prepared."
"Just trying to be funny (not that good at it). I wouldn’t recommend it doe, if that’s all you have maybe just skip it and eat more food but I don’t know, I’m just a hobbyist."
For sure.  One of the tell tale signs.  Got to dial in the estro.
"I pretty much never used them up to a few months ago.  My joints are pretty beat up both from my lifting and my old job.  Most is probably from the job, but either way, lifting without support didn't make my joints ""wear and tear-proof"" like I hoped. I think it just contributed to it.

Now that I don't need to regularly use strength/athleticism outside the gym, I use support and feel much, much better. Probably should have done so all along, and if I go back to that job, I'm going to keep training with them."
"He can become a top contender for sure, but let's not forget that cbum is very young with lots of room for improvement."
God tier chest genetics
"Why should he have to stop his set when he literally just said, ""Guys can you not do that shit over here"" and he could have carried on his set normal, but they started mouthing off at him. Yeah his response wasn't great, but he is a human. Just because he is in the public eye, doesn't mean everything he does has to be perfect"
"Cut easily, time passes a lot quicker when you're busy

Half of everyone's cuts fail as they end up snacking out of boredom"
"or just upper 1 day, lower 2nd day, then repeat upper? If so, I'd recommend push pull legs then since it fits in the same category."
It's mainly the lighting but also the bad old SD video sharpened up with filters that we have to compare to todays HD material. If they'd stand side by side on the same stage filmed with the same HD cameras those supposed differences would disappear.
That was totally worth my time clicking and reading it. Best post March 2021 award.
You can do whatever the hell you want if you manage your recovery
Cant let you be the only entertainment in the sub lmao
It’s been helping me tho. My mums sugar level is lower and she feels full most of the day so she doesn’t crave snacks which raise her sugar levels
You don't think I have worked hard? You don't think I'm working hard?
"If you have trouble getting calories in then yea, any mass gainer will help. Add in a tbs of evoo for some extra cals too."
"Definitely. Part of the perma-cutting gang.

“Idk why I can’t grow bro :(“ 

*_eats 1,900 calories_*"
Yes
Isn’t everyone like this? In my country very few people are religious but most people still celebrate and have family over for diner
"Yeah probably, wouldn't be first time it's happened and neither will it be the last. He's been in condition before in classic, so it's not just him being genetically predisposed to really holding onto water and fat. Maybe it's because he hasn't filled out the class yet and is worried about bring outsized if he comes in shredded, maybe he cheats on diet, maybe it's something else entirely, but either way when someone comes in soft to every show I assume they won't be coming in hard anytime soon. Like c'mon man, this really the best condition you can bring to the Olympia?"
This dude’s right quad looks like a grilled chicken breast
only the finest quality nuts on the market
This is so retarded idk why it's so funny
"Upper body is insane, great work bro. A good shave and a tan and you're going to be fire. 

Good luck with your peak"
"Haha thanks!  Sunscreen before going outside; AHA face peel 2x a year, vitamin C &amp; hyaluronic  acid day serum in morning and retinol face moisturizer at night?  I also think just lifting weights and staying fit in general makes you look younger overall"
"the answer was no, because your statement was essentially that the lower half of a curl does one head, and the upper portion does the other head. that's not correct"
"People might shit on this but in the many years i’ve been at this sport, if there is one thing I find massively underrated its flexibility."
"My gym also axed the hack squat, unfortunately. 

We had a very solid one and they replaced it with some POS multipurpose machine for hacksquat/DL/shrugs and it sucks ass for all 3 except maybe shrugs"
Blessing has a lot of potential.
I’m joking. You’re not even close.
"Yes, that's where we are.

---
^🤖 ^this ^comment ^was ^written ^by ^a ^bot. ^beep ^boop ^🤖

^feel ^welcome ^to ^respond ^'Bad ^bot'/'Good ^bot', ^it's ^useful ^feedback. [^github](https://github.com/Toldry/RedditAutoCrosspostBot)"
What’s that leg day looking like?
"lmao yea man, it was their egos that got in the way and not the random dude coming up to them asking how much they bench being offputting and weird. maybe they went out just to hang out with each other so being by themselves was fine? maybe theyre gay and enjoyed each others company more? sounds more like your ego is the one thats getting in the way"
Stop feeling guilty about things you can’t change. Talk to a therapist. Find a way to make yourself feel better because you’ll be way more stressed if you’re broke and jobless.
"Thanks man! Glad to hear yours has gone. Only started up in the last month or so, so I'm not too worried. Doing a de-load week, wearing an elbow sleeve when lifting, having an ice pack on, and doing stretches every few hours, hoping it'll slowly heal with some careful lifting."
"&gt; I love the new sidebar picture of investment banker Meadows. Wouldn't it be cool if we put /u/Qwsdxcbjking
&gt;  
&gt; [+5]'s new kittens
&gt;  in the sidebar? Or maybe photoshop Meadows as holding/petting the kittens?

I vote for this. Make it so.


Also can I just take the pizza now?"
"Honestly not really lol. ECA stack is really good for that. But unfortunately as I get leaner, I can't really handle a lot of stims. I have to switch over to a non-stim pre. But I typically will do black coffee twice a day"
"those sites are dogshit. made for weak people to feel better about themselves. not in the 1000 pound club, not intermediate.

for the record I'm weak too and not at the 1k club yet so I'm not just talking shit. raise your expectations for yourself."
"Absolutely agree. I thought I went too far but holy shit dude, you're supposed to stay somewhat aesthetic not ""first time in the gym since high school""."
Yeah well there's no subreddit for it so it shouldn't come as a surprise to the guy 2 comments up that not everyone here is a fan of mass monsters either.
Yes! Best gym in the west!
"I feel you. I get like this recently a lot too with a lot of work related stress. I don’t _want_ to do anything but if I don’t shit keeps piling up. The key for me is to prioritize the list, then make deals with yourself. Force myself to put away laundry and change the sheets, then rest and fuck around on my phone or nap for a bit. Repeat. 

That way you’re still getting the most important stuff done but you’re also listening to your body go “fuck man I just want to rest”. You might not get to everything today but if you prioritized it right, the stuff skipped can be done tomorrow without any consequence."
ill bring the candles xx
Yes
IMPORTANT QUESTION does anyone have any pics of what a vacuum looks like with a cervical/extra rib
No but a bad gyno surgery does.
abs on a skinny dude is like tits on a fat chick. just doesnt count
Cool runnings!
Haha fair enough. Thanks!!
"Pain? Or soreness? Because they’re very different 

Pain is bad"
I’m gonna say that I don’t think it hurts his overall look. But when he’s really pumped and hyper vascular it makes the tattoo itself look kinda bad.
Man certainly has the wings for it
"Anytime, good luck!"
Getting leaner helped me get that confidence
"We looked plenty ridiculous in the 90s, but this was 70s, early 80s tops."
"Joplin as a town seems very very nice and like a place I’d want to live in as well, my high school coach used to live in Abilene and didn’t like it that much.


I am a Christian which is partly why I looked into Abilene but I know I can still find a church to attend or drum for in or near Joplin. The coach at Abilene is very a faithful man but I can’t base my decision solely off that because money still is something I have to consider, if they even the money out then it’ll be a very difficult decision but i doubt they can lower the cost by so much since the average total cost without financial aid is 50k vs MSSU at 15k"
"So I found out the hard way that my body reacts terrible to nair. I used it almost 3 weeks ago, and the back side of my hams and glutes look like a minefield of pimples/bumps where there was previously not even one. Maybe this is the universe's way of telling me to stay hairy."
"1) You covered the worst avenger but who is the best?

2) if you could have any superpower, what would it be? 

3) fuck, marry, kill: Chris Hemsworth, Chris Pratt, Chris Pine"
"Sometimes I really feel like I want one. Did you have to get it fitted with impressions or just like a generic one? I had to get impressions for braces many, many years ago and I never want to have to experience that again... *gags in nostalgia*"
That test is doing a number on his jawline and cranium. Legit unrecognizable.
Insane conditioning. I wonder what it feels to see yourself in the mirror that lean
It’s more just taken like that for the camera cause it was low down
"I work 7:30-4:00, gym at 4 a.m. and i love it, personally. There's usually 4 or 5 cars there when i get there, all the equipment is typically open until about 5 when i'm wrapping my workout up. I never have to fight over equipment, i get to come home and shower, eat and read before work. Good start to the day."
I hope so
Inferior weak boned scum 😤
Very good start brother. Keep after it and good luck on the prep
"legs and butt weak, face busted"
"If you care, maybe post a pic or two tomorrow, or in your next update, pinching your belly skin fold. It's hard to gauge due to your posture &amp; body hair.

Like [this](https://media.istockphoto.com/photos/woman-pinching-her-belly-picture-id467912530)

and a second if you want, [vertical](https://www.brianmac.co.uk/pictures/body%20fat/abdomen.jpg) (this is the best pic i could find, the guy is obviously extremely lean. just try and take a picture doing the same pinch as the first horizontal one, but instead vertically, and the spot to center on is @1.5-2"" to one side of the belly button like the man in the picture)

Also, a shot of your thighs relaxed/flexed always helps, but you're gonna continue the cut anyway so no big deal.

Congratulations on &gt;10lbs man, keep grinding away at it. I think you can see it in your shoulders, your triceps are looking leaner, your arms are looking a bit bigger overall which is impressive. Initially I was wondering where you lost 11lbs- but check the relaxed ribcage, and relaxed upper back. Congrats, you're absolutely making noticeable progress; it's just hard to see due to body hair, and ... I don't know what I'm talking about ... but it looks like your fat distribution is pretty even, which I assume is a positive thing physique-wise. I don't know what before/after of your gut looks like in a side profile. I was expecting to see more noticeable loss around your waist line.

If you feel like you're not making progress don't fool yourself- for me, various body parts leaned out at different rates- and for you, I think a lot of fat has been coming off your back (which is hard to appreciate in the mirror everyday(: ). Don't forget thighs &amp; butt hold a lot too (I lost @15lbs, my butt went from 38.2"" &gt; 35.5"" &amp; thighs 22"" &gt; 21"". I never would've noticed the butt if I hadn't taken measurements). Good work &amp; Keep at it man, I hope you're feeling good about the process"
Thanks for the reply mate I’ll check it out 🤙🏼
"That makes sense. Yes I’m about 300g’s protein per day (150 from chicken, 100 isolate PP, 50 lean beef, plus some from PB). I’m on keto prep so there’s not a lot of variety so I wasn’t sure if they help there. Thanks."
By better meant they like his physique more not that he could beat ramy in comp
now that's a good physique it's missing some mass but it flows very well and it's very defined all i can say is good luck this is an award winning physique
"I meant lifting. I like both powerlifting and bodybuilding on each of my chest, back and leg days"
"Yes, you'll be fine"
Anyone reading anything good?
Some would say he murdered that year
Agreed. It’s not that appropriate volume isn’t important or that high volume doesn’t work. But I’d say a lot of people at commercial gyms are doing way too many sets at too little intensity. Just aimlessly going from machine to machine with weights that are not anywhere challenging enough.
First actual good physique I have seen posted here
"Men with tits aren’t shredded everywhere else, let alone 90% of their pecs"
I'm shocked but I'm not surprised either. Especially with his health history. You shouldnt be downvoted. I'm only 5 years younger. I blast more than i cruise. I'm taking stock in my life today.
"Yeah, it doesn't quite taste exactly like ranch but its pretty tasty. It's totally a thing people do but its not for everybody. I like it because ranch is like 150 calories of mostly fat for 2 tablespoons, whereas I can have as much greek yogurt ranch as I want without worrying about fucking up my macros."
"They're all dumb when they come from the equivalent of ""addict logic""  


But really ask yourself is there anything you say no to? There is you are just not aware of it cause are you are not into it. Something which was really good for you too...  
You used the same faulty logic then. But we don't remember those moments generally. Humans don't remember what they ate yesterday ..."
Thank you!
"Rice (this is actually pretty good, but adding sauces and/or butter and oils can make it way better) same with the pasta.

  Ground meat, go for 80/20 or even higher fat %

  Keep the veggies down and or slather them in cheese etc"
Yes females are humans but they have alot less testosterone so they can't build muscle as well as guys and carry more body fat.
"You look great don’t get too much bigger.  The long and lean look is great.  Don’t actually listen to me if you want to get bigger, you do you."
you're missing out
Alright. Thanks for the help man.
Most other dudes just probably got uglier
"I think I've read a realistic number is a 3-5% increase in strength during a 12 week block when training for strength, assuming good form and you're past beginner stage. So, realistically going from 485 to 660# is likely a process that will take a couple years. If you're adding PED's I have no idea how that would affect things, no experience in that area."
Lol
"Got it. Thanks! 

Spray the bearings, and replace the carribeaners. Anything else?"
"Nah, I think he looks perfectly fine with the tattoos. Just because you don’t prefer it doesn’t mean it’s universally wrong."
"Arnold never got below 6% bf like the guys do today lol the conditioning today with DNP, winstrol, halo etc is crazy. You got guys at 4% on stage. 90’s guys were some of the most shredded tho"
"Anti rotation, anti flexion and anti extension. All super beneficial for longevity"
Zoom in on his face in both pics lol
Yeah that's the main thing that sucks is the cardio required. Especially something like boxing. But I love bodybuilding the most and feel like it would be best to prioritize that. Thanks!
Looks strange with a top like that but nothing on legs
This thread just gave me cancer.
"They're smart in certain areas. Like exercise science, those guys are sharp af. But being smart in one thing doesn't make you all around smart. My old neighbor was amazing with computers but thought Bill Gates was the devil trying to microchip us with the vaccine bc it says so in the Bible"
Holy shit man that conditioning is outrageous. He’s gonna place high I’m saying top 3
"Thing is, my question is more like, can i achieve that weight? Currently I’m like 170 and have been working out like 2 years but can i be 200 lbs at a reasonable bodyfat%

Obviously I wont win 30 lbs of pure muscle, but between whatever muscle i can still gain naturally, muscle maturity, glycogen and maybe some fluff, is it reasonable for a 5’9” to be 200lbs lean?"
"Yes I know, but he uses it to emphasize that you don't have to get fat on a 1000 calorie surplus on a bulk."
"I love bodybuilding. I love eating and dieting. I love training. What’s the hardest part? Fucking posing. I can hit my shots but my transitions look like a small child trying to run, odd and silly.

Going to have to get with someone on this or start going to the seminars."
"I'm planning on seriously bulking up like putting on massive mass. I have one dilemma though. 

If I were to do cardio. And let's say I burn 300 calories. 

In order for the cardio to not deter my bulk, do I just eat 300 more calories? 

I want to have good stamina too and that's why I want to do a bit of cardio atleast in my bulking up process."
"I read your arms post just there. Its a great post.

Pretty sad that all of the replies are just idiots talking shit.

Permaban them all"
"Damn, I've not seen this one of him yet.

His sidechest is spectacular."
"Cut, oil lightly. I use the spray. Season. 425 for 20 mins or until crispy and cooked through"
"doubt your intensity is very high if you can, but if that's what you like then go for it homie"
"I see both.  Plenty of repetitive debate on protein amounts, timing etc."
so why should I do a slow cut If I can burn much more fat like this in a small period? and why people aren't doing this instead of a slow cut?
Thought I was the only one who got motivated by an anime😭
Im fine now 😂
I agree
Please dont encourage me again when i say im gonna do something painfully hard cause im gonna do it just for you haha. Love u bro.
fuck dude. you're making me crave sushi
"Looking sick, and your muscle balance is amazing, nothing looks off or noticeably smaller than other parts. Gonna kill it for sure!"
"Yeah if you don't think pro athletes are on roids, then you probably think only pro bodybuilders, as well as ""Big Mike""and ""Paco"" at your local gym are on them lol."
How to stop binge eating after a cut? Whenever i end a cut i binge like crazy for about 2 weeks. Just ate 6 snickers bars...
agreed
Wrong sub
"So for a list of controversial olympias there would be the 1971 Olympia, which Arnold won by default since all other competitors were disqualified. 

Then there was the 1980 Olympia, which Arnold showed up at unexpectedly, while filming a documentary and being friends with the judges. Arnold wasn't at his best and many say he didn't deserve this win. 

The 1981 Olympia is also very controversial, Franco Columbu won it with one torn quad that was significantly smaller than the other. In my opinion 1981 is more controversial than 1980. 

The 1994 is also sometimes sighted as being controversial especially by Shawn ray fans. The say Dorian should've lost because of his torn bicep. 

The 1997 Olympia is also very controversial, pose for pose many would argue that Nasser el Sonbaty won that one. 

The 2001 Olympia is also controversial, 28 year old Jay Cutler was more conditionned than Ronnie Coleman. Even Ronnie at the night show thought that he had lost. 

The 2007 is also one of the most controversial, pose for pose Victor Martinez seems to have beaten Jay Cutler, but Cutler still had the win. 

The 2014 Olympia is one of the lesser controversial ones, many think Kai Greene should've won. Phil had a disgusting gut that year as well. 

And then 2018 seems to be controversial as well, but meh. Also some think Hadi should've won the 2019 Olympia. That's about it really for Mr Olympia contest at least."
That's a pretty considerable difference there
your my new best friend
"I’m absolutely disgusted by the way your message is formatted.

Shame. On. You."
He’s great but don’t sleep on Robert timms or Bryan Jones this year
I'll stop skipping knee day
Do fat/sugar free ranch with Buffalo for like a hot wing chicken and rice it’s the secret
"Ooh that's a neat fact, thank you!"
NICE 😎
"Doesn't matter where you're at man, as long as you're making progress right?

You got this. Self accountability and discipline is great thing."
no
"Embarrassing question: When I'm pushing myself at the gym, I fart a lot. This normally isn't an issue, because I'm typically the only one in it when I work out, but occasionally there will be someone in there and I can't help myself. It just comes out. I have tried releasing all the gas prior to a work out, but still occasionally a fart will come out uncontrollably. Is there something I should be doing differently to prevent this?"
"Future Mr O right there , amazing shape"
Handsome Squidward
Wholey shit I thought the same thing I'm happy this comment is here haha
Rest week. Worst week of my life so far.
"I'm only 2 minutes it but so far, really good editing"
YES!! Bro!! Here you are in the topic 💪 👍
fuck off terrorist
Freaky is one way of putting it. They make him look pretty disproportionate though. Like they’re damn near as wide as his thighs in that abs and thighs shot and they’re probably just about as big as his arms. If the rest of him were a bit bigger then he’d look fine
Maybe just a little sprinkle of bovine growth hormone
He's hurting enough. At least let him use the blacks for now
I built a fake Grindr account and had my fiancé’s gay friend send my fiancé a picture of my account and be like what the fuck your guy has a Grindr account? Let’s see how this April fools joke goes
Haha I'm working on it
Thanks my man! Best of luck to you 💪🏽
That your life is boring. But that’s okay bb :) order some test or something next time 😛
"Yeah, a pretty huge dick amirite"
"For sure, legendary"
Brother like I haven’t tried
Lol. I just got one of those little pod systems for now. Like a juul but you can fill it with whatever. Gonna try and keep it that way if I can.
Really dumb question but I’ve been lifting for some years now and haven’t kept my protein high at all. Usually 130g a day when I’m weighing 180s. Just wondering the potential this had to limit my progress and if bumping it to 200 would result in some nice gains
Better than being small though amirite
PRINCE PHILLIP DIED
"You're looking fantastic. Good Posing Routine. You MAY be a little thick in the mid-section. As hard as it is, if you could drop more weight it would really lean you out, show striations, shrink your waistline."
"Oh no buddy that's not my picture, I was just trying to illustrate our dynamic when it comes caffeine. Is never cross out my name for you guys!"
Trap bar has more leg in it than other deadlift variations def try it out
The ideal physique for everyone here to strive to achieve
Only have like 75-80g of fat in the off season. That would be more of a cheat meal for me
It's almost like there are other languages besides murican that spell and pronounce things differently
"Gonna have to disappoint you buddy, it doesn’t look cool"
"Yeah definitely not this one. It's a great mantra to circle jerk to your therapist and r/relationships about but once you tell your partner about your past or anything else it becomes free game for them to share with whomever they want and eventually they will. So unless you're in a very serious and obviously long term situation, don't tell them anything you wouldn't want their friends to know or anything that they could use against you are a bad break up."
"Rich Piano gave me the mantra to battle body dysmorphia. ""One day, you may""."
"100% agree. Even as a 36 year old, I still fall victim to cereal marketing, whether it be adding marshmallows or changing the packaging to be more colorful."
Agreed 100%
It’s so funny how he can type one emoji and make you write an essay. Like a puppet lol
Congrats!! Which 2 federations did you win them in?
"I am from UK, currently is aus so it is free for me anyway. I've never had it done to be fair. 

Ha nah that seems a little extreme."
"Good stuff. If you’re debating spending 50 on it, don’t buy it. I don’t mean that as in “lol poor” because I too debated, I mean it as in you can get something just as quality for cheaper."
Great physique. Lean af
Yes.
"Yes. Running the same programming cut and bulk is inefficient use of your time. 

When bulking I run aggressive high volume programming and push my recovery limits to encourage growth. 

When cutting I don't need to try and stimulate growth, just maintain. This means I can run much less aggressive programming, lower the volume, increase the intensity and work on realizing strength gains. 

This was none of my time is wasted and I'm always progressing something, I almost don't think of it as cutting. It's a strength block, which just happens to be a convinient time to cut weight."
"He’s had problems with his conditioning every year since he went pro, although he’s made improvements almost every year for the O. I think people handicap him a bit because of it."
I'd hope not. Just wouldn't want to miss on some sick gains but tbh It's prolly gonna be insignificant. Thanks
"Big wrestling fan here. 

AEW (which is the second biggest promotion in the USA after WWE/WWF) posted this picture of one of their wrestlers Brian Cage and the bodybuilder part of my brain cannot get over how undeveloped his biceps look compared to his tris. 

https://www.instagram.com/p/CJ4dJ3DBDTQ/?igshid=v6i4vyrvmk2t"
"Disagree, Horatio Seymour 2024"
Not arguing with you at all about wiping shit down but our gyms haven’t closed. Masks are only required while walking around. I don’t think lack of masks in gyms are the reason the virus blows up in places.
i like lift
Yes
"Iain had soggy glutes and zero hamstring cuts at Tampa. Phil was razor sharp, crazy dry, and peaked perfectly. Plus he absolutely bodied Iain in every back shot"
"Someone said it tastes like static and I think about that sometimes. 

Club soda and lime is it."
Chose the wrong one dude. I got Pfizer and had no problems. My sister got moderna and had to take two days off cuz she was so sick
"Sometimes shit just doesn't work, Aceto seems to have no idea what to do with him or he cheats on his diet 24/7 ( highly, highly unlikely). Hopefully he'll switch coaches and get in shape next year."
"everyone’s body is different, it’s hard for me to gain weight/muscle, you also have to consider that not everyone can always afford to eat “good” everyday to put on muscle. And I’m just a kid, started working out only a year ago, I still have yet to be an adult like you. So... I guess you’re not fat, just thick, with muscle and water weight. Good for you"
"I've always had difficulty sleeping and eating so I can't go off those to judge overtraining.

It's currently 2:45am I don't have any school anyways so it doesn't matter as long as I get my 9+ hours sleep"
"When are y'all starting your summer cuts? I'm two weeks into mine and I'm wondering if I started to early. My goal is to lose .3-.5lbs a week, peaking around beginning of June. Trying to cut 12-14lbs total."
Lack of punctuation leaves me hanging in suspense
We do? Lol I never heard it called that. TIL too.
Thanks boss!!
"Glad I’m not alone, we’ll get there thanks broski."
Serious lifter who takes shirt off at every opportunity checking in
"Yeah, the Goggins one i listened too. Forgot about em. That were great eps. Goggins is so great to listen to."
"My kitty was very healthy and only a few years old. She was just very curious, is all. She jumped the wall in our back yard and there's a busy street on the other side. So my assumption is that she got spooked and ran and couldn't find her way home.

We lived in a cul-de-sac and there was no way that she could climb back up the 12ft wall that she jumped over. So I think she couldn't find her way back around and she just strayed further and further away."
"Have to agree with the kid. He doesn’t seem like the douche in this thread or the other comments, unless comments have been edited."
Yeah it's pretty gritty but it's one of the better tasting protein powders I've tried
Giving me Tom platz vibes with those quads
"Thanks, makes sense... I've bought a 11k car for 9k and also had someone not willing to move at all on a 15k car"
"Google is wrong, this is in Egyptian so you probably won't get an accurate translation. I wrote ""where did you find him"""
"Man, same. I almost shit myself"
"Pull/push/arms/legs/rest, repeat. Pretty GOAT tbh, PPL doesn’t have enough time in between leg sessions for me to recover, so I have an arm day in there and a rest day every rotation. Plus, having an arm day in there means my push session is solely focused on chest/delts, and my back session is solely back/rear delts. PPL you hit everything twice over 7 days, with this split I hit everything twice over 10 days"
Last time I did a deload I got weaker. Never again
"This is misinformation and overblown. For healthy people (obviously if you have chronic knee problems, they can be bad for you, but they can also help you heal), doing leg extensions properly puts almost no tension on the joint, and lights the VM up, which is just what we want. However, if you apply shear force to your knees, bounce the weight, etc., obviously you can hurt yourself."
"Agreed, Chris won in 2019 solely based off of structure. Breon had him beat practically every shot muscle group for muscle group. Giving Chris the win was more so a statement from the judges on the direction classic physique was going, not a dominant win"
Holy shit you guys crying about shit feels so fucking good
"Was severely under eating.

I’m 5”6 and weight 185-189lbs normally and was only I taking around 1800-1900 calories a day, yet was lifting 5x a week as well as conducting 45-60 minute cardio 3-4x a week.

Spoke with my local dietician, figured my macros correctly and upped my caloric intake to 2800-3000 a day depending on the intensity for training and sure enough I got stronger on all my lifts, improved my run speed and endurance, and am currently still losing body fat while maintaining current weight.

180-200g of protein, 60-80g of fat, and 250-300g of carbs a day."
Yep. Feels like you know the bad day session is gonna require that extra effort so you're able to find it. Opposite for the good day
If it helps you mentally then go for it. I've never had an issue maintaining a deficit but I naturally have a lower appetite. I struggle with bulking
Nice. This can be done natty right? Serious question.
serratus is gnarly man. Really great job.
Haha thank you brotha appreciate that
"Use a lower incline and bring your grip a bit closer than you would use for flat bench. If it stresses your shoulders, it’s okay to stop a couple inches above your chest."
Its odd too. U had a pec tear yet ur pec looks perfectly fine
Lol why was this downvoted?
Ye ik ill do that tmw probs just lockdown in aus can get borin fast so not much else to do.
Ok dear u r Talking about my video thankyou
"&gt;  It's possible for certain people to build muscle in a big deficit.

Yea, with muscle memory and tren power haha"
"I thought i would be lucky and be the only member in my family without migraines but i guess it was inevitable

Fuck, this week has been rough"
Gym is decent ish but overpriced as fuck lmao
"Has anyone here lost their spark with their SO and went on to rekindle it/move on with them? Ive felt stagnant with my gf lately and have thought more about having casual relationships instead. But my relationship is completely healthy so I shouldnt have a reason to drop it. Maybe quarantining with her the past year has done something to me, idk."
Good morning fellas i hope y’all have a great easter
"Good luck! Keep us updated!

The toe pointing works for pretty much any quad flex AFAIK; I use 8t on leg extensions too"
Even on gear I get elbow pain lol
"Just think, we're not that far away (oh God I fucking hope so) from never hearing an argument about masks or vaccines again.

With masks, it's funny to make such a fuss about something that requires so little effort to do."
Good to know
Go for it. JP guys do PPRLR
How does it feel to be a badass
"You have an insane bench for you're bodyweight and age, coming from a fellow 15 year old lmao."
"Great posing man, you really hit the poses on point! You seem also very sure-footed, I often slip when I turn from side chest or whatever to the back poses. I also really liked some of your transitions, they seemed really smooth. Some others though, especially in the beginning were a bit too fast and forced in my opinion. And great physique, too, of course!! Keep at it bro"
"I'm fine with being hit, it's the scoliosis acting up that really stops me from doing si many other things."
Hes jacked for a natural lifter in his midlife look at him working out on his instagram. The guy in this picture isnt jacked hes a mass monster drig addivt not to insult him I love the sport but just goes to show how warped ideals have become nowadays by media
"Damn, and no idea what caused it?!"
"Can i use my face as a punching bag? Kidding aside, I hope you'll be successful in this. Kudos!"
"The point of drinking a protein shake is that it digests quickly. Adding fats slows down the digestion which prevents you from getting in your other meals and if you’re already eating an adequate amount of fats from your diet you aren’t getting much of a benefit out of adding more fats. You’re just getting fatter. You’re better off adding carbs to your shakes, something that digests quickly like dextrose. Carbs will actually help with your performance unlike fats."
Thank you so much we focus on progressive overload so that was final set and final leg workout of night. I was shaky just standing there lol.
Thank you for telling me
"It's a difficult one because you don't know how they will react. But maybe next time he mentions it, say something like "" let's get this sorted I'm now orderkng a kit."""
Arnie you are a living legend ! Hope I can meet you one day sir 💪🏻
"“Kale bacon salad, Kyle. The good for you in the kale cancels out the bad for you in the bacon and the tastiness of the bacon cancels out the nastiness of the kale!”"
More lower back
This is dumb.
"Fuck yes, bro 🔥❤️"
"Delts, upper traps and neck are definitely the most noticeable in clothes. Glutes too."
The weight you’ll cap at is most definitely heavily influenced by height dude
"Yea thats what i think ill do, the  specific number came from Jeff nippards pull day science video the tri set is actually something that he claimed to be optimal for fatiguing the bicep but I don't really see how at the end of a work out especially guys typically like to go to failure"
Who is that 🤔 lol
Great work! Looks natural to me. Keep at it!
"Good call, I usually position the camera at waist height for checkins like these so I am more upright"
Why do people say some bodybuilders like Patrick Moore are too old to win Olympia?  Is  taking exogenous hormones and peptides and all that stuff less effective in your 30s?
Myprotein isolate completely blends in a shaker cup really fast. Even better if it sat in the fridge overnight or even just for 20 minutes.
Dude needs compression socks lol
Thanks
"jumping is cardio, so I think he's safe"
How much of your bench press strength do you guys normally lose during a cut?
"Lol I’m flattered but I swear I haven’t shopped anything. I’d be happy to post some proof, how should I prove it?"
Oh ffs
"It wasnt, i was just poking fun at that convo. I see its still sensitive.

I APOLOGIZE DD."
Nah no way.
"It's not really a company, it's like some sort of paid student developer position (sort of an internship, sort of mentorship, not 100% sure) at my university. So there's not a ton of information out there on it, and what is out there I've pretty much looked at already."
"What tv shows do you want to see get a revival or a remake

I want a deadliest warrior remake. But with an actual budget and better historical analysis.

I loved the concept but some of the matchups where beyond stupid especially with the first season. They just randomly drew names out of a hat and had people fight that had literally nothing to do with each other. Like why is a Spartan fighting a ninja? Or why is the knight fighting a pirate?"
What a fucking clown lmao. Def has a napoleon complex.
"Oh yeah I got that stuff on lock. I’ll run through my last bit of glutamine and then just move on. 

It’s wild how little supplements you need in this hobby. On the one hand it’s great but what a lot of bull so many of these companies create."
ok
Your calves look like they need some training. Respectfully your hamstrings are also dog shit.
Yes. But has the flattest ass I’ve ever seen
Anyone know why the car accident was caused? Was it Otis driving or someone that caused this?
Yeah that's the true. I guess people lie and claim natural when they havn't always been. Its a shame people aren't honest. So i use 'lifetime' to reinforce that i have never taken anything.
"To be fair, the guy has insane genetics, you should see the picture of him at 13"
Thanks man!
"I have em deliver to an apo, it takes like 2 months lmao."
You are weak.  Feel shame.
If it helps at least your mom and her loved ones may be entitled to financial compensation.
I hope you feel better soon.
"Idk if that makes sense.  To me a DL bar feels harder to bounce because the rebound when it hits the ground is actually more pronounced than a stiff bar.  The DL bar wants to snap back to the ground while a stiff bar doesn't whip at all, making it easier to bounce.  

Since it's still easier to pull from a dead stop than a stiff bar, which seems to be the best of both worlds for volume sets.  I can TnG without as much cheating, and when I do need to rest for a moment on the ground, it's easier to finish the set."
Post contest how many cheat meals do you usually have? Night of? 24hrs? What diet do you normally switch back to? Something similar to a couple weeks out and then reverse diet back up to an offseason?
"Oh haha, yeah didn't see that podcast, must have heard it somewhere else. Likely originated from the same place."
Looking positively Matt Murdock’d
"Yeah I know but I want to know how he managed to find out «Yeah these two exercises are the best for me», if that be how sore he gets or What:)"
"Yeah that's insane, JJ looked freaking insane, I'd dare say the most complete guy there, definately the most conditioned by far, just compare his legs to keone's, it's night and day."
"So your reason for refusing to wear a mask is just because you're big mad? Solid logic, homie.
That's absolutely a matter of weak will. You call people ""sheep"" and yet you let your emotions and other people's political opinions influence your decisions as well. 

What if no one is a sheep and they're just victims of their own ego?"
Solution? delete instagram
"Ohh interesting I never really knew that, when I was researching it for facial hair I heard opposing experiences. Yeah you're right there's so much misinformation and bro science sometimes you just gotta try it yourself. Luckily my beard filled in as I got a bit older but I'd definitely like to fill some patches, let me know how it goes as you progress"
"Seems that bikini has no immunity to evolution of standards.

Jen and Laura have softer looks contrary to previous winners included last year.

Janet would have placed 3 to 6 this year. Since Elisa and Ashley had similar body types as her. More refined and cut. Based on lasted year Elisa and Ashley should have placed one and two. I wonder if this is a new standard or just wanting someone else to win."
Okay good you were joking lmao. We have at least one sane person here thank god.
Feeling quite chubby this morning
Okay the AC being broken at my house is fucking AWFUL. It is NINETY TWO degrees in here and the compressor will take days to deliver. Thinkin bout takin a break from my diet and just hanging out at the bar this week
I've seen people struggle with bloating and water retention when deep into a cut/bulk. Fiber will help lessen that.
"Easiest way to get rid of bloating and water weight? Scale is fucking with me this cut, up by 1 kg these past couple days even though im 100% sure i was in a deficit."
Yes hello sir time 2 take ur naked pics send them 2 me so I can give you your stars
"did you miss the days of matto2000's flair  DONT LISTEN TO ME and telling everyone to activate their almonds and spewing ""scientific"" research that literally has no practical applications 15 times a thread?"
No you both
I wish I had the confidence to wear a cape.
i would definitely increase reps instead of jumping up to 30
"Yup, if she's so confident, put up the 20g's and beat her this year and thenyou have your two years of ""dominating"" her to be able to stake a claim as the best."
Yes but Rhoden was a top guy for many years prior to his win. Patrick is nowhere near the top. Not even close
"Those who do who day fasts during cutting at times (24+ hours), do you all double your calories the next day to max up for the loss calories the day before?"
Dang nice bro you look great
"Yeah but an opinion is not someone saying you're disgusting, ugly or whatever, that's straight up disrespect. 

And if you want to analyze why these things happen, you could think that people saying that kind of things are just projecting their insecurities, maybe they should also talk to somebody about that."
This isn’t SOMS. Go be negative somewhere else
Well....this should be interesting :D
"They’re fine, just small for now. Eat big and get big my man"
"Goddamn. My feels. 

Years ago, I went to the Arnold Classic with some buddies and we all wore our Mountain Dog Training sweatshirts. When we approached him, he did a double take and interrupted the conversation he was having with an IFBB pro he was talking to and said “give me one second, I want a picture with these guys.”

We took out our phones and snapped a pic and then he surprised us and took out HIS phone for a picture of us all. That stuck with me. 

Well, a year or two later, I accepted a job working at EliteFTS in London. My first time out there training in the old S4 compound, John rolls in and glances at me and goes “HEY! I remember you.” I was shocked. He whipped out his phone and scrolled through the pictures and found pic from years prior. 

I had the pleasure of training with him and learning from him for 3 years or so. The man truly was as honest, kind, and hard working as portrayed. He was a true gentleman and I will miss him greatly."
That sucks! How did you normally prepare it? I always brine my chicken so usually it holds the flavor and juices very well
The unload of shame.
Hey. Sorry. We don’t diagnosis here.
It was me lol. I realized the comment was either too obvious to state or would start a pointless argument.
"Lol dude your chinese isnt as good as you think it is. Try reading it again and get over yourself.

Hope a English teacher don't rawdog your wife while you're bullshiting on reddit."
Amaranth is also a good Nightwish song
"more like he hasn't left 2013 lol, he's actually not that bad as far as influencers go though"
Yeah it does
Yes. Calf compliments from girls are actually the rarest thing in the book. You’ve made it made it
I don’t stop using reddit but I delete and recreate my account because I post pics of myself and maybe give away personal info etc over time so I’ve just made it a habit
Watched his YouTube videos. He done so well but when he went to the show for pro card he was conditioned to hell but the head judge said to him after he needs 15-20 pounds of muscle added.  He done the right thing he’s not messing about.  When he does get his pro card he wants to be able to stand with the pros.  In his show last week where he won his category and then overall he dominated but when he went to Ukraine for pro he definitely looked smaller than the guy he lost to but had the conditioning.  He will go far for sure.
"Got to factor in how much more difficult it gets to look filled out, the taller you get."
"This guy has great lats, he doesn't need someone telling him he's doing it wrong."
Feel free to assume no one looks irl like they do on instagram
Masturbating viscosity nonstop. If your drunk it works better cuz your Dick won’t work so the workout will last longer
One of the best training videos on YT IMO
RDLs are great I also smashed split squats and bought resistance bands to do hamstring curls
Wait how many calories is that? Seems low and 20g fat seems too low.
Is normal to be weaker after a deload?
Yeah which is what the calculations are saying and my pound in fat is exactly what I offered above here. I don’t get why everyone is being a top idiot bout it except you
"Are you me? Had fun at the lake but didn’t reapply, rip skin"
No
I've gotten 2 awards today and I've never gotten one before.
"Hey buddy, having a good week so far?"
"This is always tough because the photo of Timms is recent and his best display yet, whereas CBum's photo is a year ago, so you kind of have to make this prediction on the idea that CBum has made zero improvements and THEN Timms could beat him."
"Yes, you do. Go forward and train, you can do it!"
"You really need to lose your virginity, even more than me smh my head.


Btw your sub sucks and has no real content"
Dude doesn’t have a weak point. His waist also looks tiny like 28” paired with the huge legs and wide frame he looks like an action figure
"Lurker like everyone else. I love the idea of being able to support myself doing what I love. I.E. being an ""influencer or trainer."" But the main goal is to get that pro card by 2030; honestly fuck Instagram, pro card is where the real pride is. I know to take it slow and do the things others aren't willing to do to get there. [IG: LBbodybuilding](https://www.instagram.com/lbbodybuilding/?hl=en)"
"No, the DMX thing doesn't make much of a difference, it was actually a joke to begin with. You're not fun because you immediately hop to being defensive and condescending. Not everything is a keyboard battle to the deaths."
"For sure, those policies are always tricky to deal with. I think as long as the people around you are cool with it, it's no worries.

Good luck competing!"
"Anyone got tips for a good clean offseason? just ended my cut 4 weeks ago, since then ive gained about 8lbs, (not too bad, mostly water and glycogen). Ive allowed myself to have one cheat day after the cut, but since then ive been craving food even while gaining weight....

&amp;#x200B;

Any tips here? Currently eating 3500 calories avg"
"I do take the safety argument and especially for pro bodybuilders it's important not to get injured, but I'm not sure about the ""easier to isolate"" point. Pretty much every gym these days has a wide variety of isolation machines and I'm sure most people consciously mix freeweights and isolation machines in their training. Not saying it doesn't work. If pros do it, it must work, but I'm not sure if it is optimal."
That’s going to be awkward.
100% agree
"You can switch however you like. However, I’ve found the best order for recovery is Pull, Push, Legs, Off. This way you can hit Pull and Legs without any lower back fatigue interfering with either session."
Cutting and my feet are cold despite it being 20C outside. Guh.
"I’m not on IG, so appreciate this! Nice work!"
"Has anyone here tried multiple bulk and cut cycles from and to the same weights? Basically whenever you cut you end up at the same weight and eventually get leaner and leaner at that weight the more bulk and cut cycles you do, vice versa for bulking. Im at a not fat not lean 81.4 kg rn, thinking of bulking slowly to 83 kg then cutting to 80 and repeating multiple times. Should i increase that range or is it good?"
That true
"Yes, absolutely. I mean, for one, you should be hitting *everything* hard during a cut. 2, you probably can grow them a bit if you really focus on them, especially if you haven’t been hitting them hard during your bulk."
"I know Rich is a martyr on this sub here, and I think he’s a good guy but this video alone lost a ton of respect for me.  It’s so fucking awkward and you can tell he knows he’s lying through his teeth.  He’s always touted as one of the most honest guys in the industry so this video was baffling."
Damn he looking aesthetic
Yeah its comes with the catagory i guess but we can see quite a good transition of open class nowadays dont you think?
Thank you!
Yea I saw that vid I was like wtf?
"That's ez mode. 

I'm like David goggins smashing powerlifting sessions and then doing a 100 mile run the next day with a heart condition"
"Kenny KO is the most negative person on YouTube I swear.. although Philion could give him a run for his money. 

Just watched his podcast with Greg &amp; he could’ve used this as an opportunity to educate listeners &amp; have some good conversations, instead he wanted to gossip about the fitness industry like a female in high school."
You have good potential. Keep it up
I would honestly run Warlock again tbh and try to keep/push your numbers from the last cycle
I like it. Has very 'Old-school' Weider vibes.
"reminds me of my first police stop, i was super nervous and they thought i was an all sorts of drugs, even dragged me to the station and waited hours for me to piss (cant piss under pressure) which never happened, so i ended up having to do a blood test - which of course came back negative as i would never drive under the influence / am not a drug user. even the station chief came up to me, questioned me and told me ""you are 100% on something, ive been doing this job for years and know how to spot stuff like that"""
lol most of the DD is east coast except for us few lucky bastards on the pacific
"Coke Zero if I really don’t want the calories, otherwise fruit - melon or something."
Wow that’s incredible at 19
Enjoy it while it lasts
"Thank you for mentioning this--I too struggle with biceps, but now thanks to the replies. jajajaaj

the future is looking bright--

""we all gonna make it"""
"Yeah test is gear, ostarine is not. Artificially spiking your test with a PCT drug will end up crashing your test more once you come off than ostarine ever would have."
Basically I want put muscle mass on while reducing body fat
Lol. They said you needed enhancement. Not the other way round. Good work.
"Less sets to failure, less sets in general. Pushing too hard on leg day is one of my biggest training flaws. If youre on a 2x/week split you really don't need to kill yourself every leg day"
Lol nieghbor
I can handle a loss no problem so no worries there. I appreciate the honest feedback. And idk why I look so bad in these pictures I have plenty of other ones where I look much better. Maybe I was way too pumped since I took these after a workout cause I heard too that can take away from the look as well.
There is no way to give an even remotely accurate estimation.
I'm likely miscounting honestly but I've also been pretty depressed. Gonna try to pull myself out of the dip &amp; go from there. I'll definitely hyu on Instagram if I still am not losing after I dig myself out. Thank you!
I played osrs in my tent my whole last deployment
LMFAO
could risk coming in flat
"If I break down my muscles and fatigue my CNS and then try to destroy those same muscles in new ways with zero recovery time… will this help me?

Do you hear yourself? Tell me the last bodybuilder you saw doing hours of legs, that also includes Olympic lifts for some reason, and then does intense ploy metrics immediately after. I’ll wait."
"17 year old, can confirm i am jealous"
"Volume warning, shit almost blew my speakers lol and yeah, he looks crazy good there."
"I run 3 miles every sunday just fine avg 8 mins a mile

I'm not huge tho I just like working out. Never competed"
"I'm very confused why he doesn't recommend any addition accessory work in BBB. If you like 5/3/1 you can look at nSuns,  if you want to stick to 4 days you could try PHUL or really any U/L split, and of course, you could use one of the almighty, all powerful, all knowing John Meadows programs. His are much more bodybuilding focused tho."
"The confirmation is in the math lol. Considering 61 grams of protein only accounts for 244 calories, I can believe it. Compare that to lean protein like chicken breast where at least 75% of the calories will come from protein. It probably has a ton of fat if it's anything like the Rotisserie Chicken at Harris Teeter, but I'll be damned if it doesn't taste great."
"That article is retarded. Climbing requires strong as fuck legs as does rowing... Why would someone primarily use arm strength when you have these massive quad muscles to push you up when you have the grip?

The hormone thing, lmfao tho.

Bro you should climb if you like it. Shit got me over most of my heights fear, and it's a fucking rush. I haven't done it since I was 15 22 years ago."
How stupid would it be to train the day after getting my wisdom teeth out?
No you can't
"So, I just mimicked trap raises and trap retractions without using weight, and I think the ROM is the same.. I mean, once the mid/lower traps ""meet"" each other and push against each other in the center of the back, they can't get more contracted than this, and this can be achieved by horizontal shrugs/retraction.. 

I trust you on the emg activity tho. 

And yes, I wasn't planning to toss out compound exercises, but I'm thinking to include a heavy horizontal shrug instead of doing 3-4 row variations"
You gotta find some good sauces
Not sure if trolling or need eye exam.
"Thanks, it is kinda my area of expertise haha."
post pump just feelin it lol
"While I agree that he looks roided out beyond belief, specially for a 25 y/o, let's not forget that Arnold won his first Olympia at 23 y/o and was likely just as roided out (although the chems back then weren't as good/potentially dangerous)."
"off the top of my head, I remember someone said 800mg test and x annavar (ben?). Roman also said he takes 8iu of gh recently. That sounds pretty reasonable tbh. Yeah, they don't go into the metrics but diuretics is also a common topic. You're freaking out over nothing"
"I just took into account which arm has better muscles to both hide and be stuck beside lol. Right forearm is superior, left tricep is superior. I'm left handed and put it on my left forearm. No regrets lol. I'm sure it'll all get covered eventually but that was my thought process"
Crazy how our society thinks a woman is “very masculine” bc they have muscle (which is brought out through posing). But I’ll do me 🙃
"You are 100% better off maxing an ira than trying your luck with stocks/etfs since you are new. Try to max your ira and 401k and start learning about stocks in the meantime for when you're ready to take the next step. Keep in mind you can't cash these until late in life, but the compounding interest will reap massive gains."
Thanks for your perspective; I’ll probably just doing some walking around the neighborhood
I'll try man.  I'm sorry you had a bad experience.  Your contributions to the sub help improve it and I will continue to try my best to make improvements.  Thanks!
Well played. Although people like her should be straight up kicked from the gym.
"Fucking Rocky Balboa over here super setting 10x100 calf extensions on the leg press and time on the punching bag ruined my morning. I went through pyramid set squats, leg extensions, leg curls, calf raises and the motherfucker was still going on that leg press with a whopping 25 pound llate on each side. Whatever, i'm out. Hope you guys get a better pump than i do lmao."
So barbell upright row would be a good addition I suppose?
"They are too low to be t shirt marks, my t shirt doesn't extend that low even if I curled"
"Feel like you haven’t seen enough pictures of young jay. Dude was huge at 21/23 etc. and was arguably his best at age 28 in 2001. Nick’s like 27, it’s not as different as you’re making it to be."
finasteride ftw
I long for a world where young dumbbells and barbells can get along together
I lot of shit lol
THE HOME STRETCH keep killing it man!
"That's awesome! Good work man. That's a great plan for sure, if I was still at a gym I'd consider running it. I loved Creeping Death.

Just keep going man, you're looking solid for sure. Adding more mass and time to your frame means you're well on your way."
Tthe alarm on those things is goat. Also the accuracy of the sleep tracking. Otherwise no unless youre an endurance athlete.
"Doesn't matter. As soon as he does it, gawp at him and act like you need to adjust yourself"
Thank you.
Ramy is way better than them
Sorry ha ha I was trying not to
"Not how it works for a lot people with loose skin. Have you not seen pics of folk who’ve lost an impressive amount of weight and are now very lean, but still have a lot of loose skin? There are tonnes out there. I think a lot of people resign themselves to surgery at that point but if it’s relatively minor amount of loose skin like the OP appears to have then it does seem possible to improve through diet/training etc"
ily2 bb
Certain substances will have that affect
"Sounds like motor oil. Don’t drink it. Ninjas are t too expensive anymore, get a new one."
Bruh... This is funny AF
I'm not sure bro I might be wrong but I think ur a bit gay
More like 100% no?
"something that I would recommend for all you new guys that have started lifting is to take more pictures at the gym with your gym partners. I ever really only had only two serious gym partner. One from almost 4 years ago and the most recent one from 1 and a 1/2 years ago, and it’s a good feeling looking back at those photos that we have together. maybe being part of the military and always pcsing and deploying"
"I love him for sure, im a Vegas local and even see him sometimes, but I definitely fast forward past the acting scene every time."
Delicious
"Sick physique dude, followed you on insta :)"
"I agree with you about the night thing, but I just moved and changed gyms, and it’s just insanely crowded at night, such that it doubles my workout time because I spend so much time waiting to use a rack/ machine. So now I lifting in the morning during the week, and it can be a slog, especially for stuff like deads. 

Once I’m warmed up and an exercise or two in, though, I’m feeling good and don’t notice the hunger until I’m back home. It’s made eating way easier on bulk because I’m hungrier throughout the day, and my appetite is absolute garbage."
in the grand scheme of things i don't think it can't be **THAT** bad. Subtracting 5 years off of your life isn't a big deal and most people who do SARMS will migrate to gear anyways after spending the equivalent of a vial of primo for 1/26th of the gains
"I love almond milk with sugary cereals, I find it actually tastes better than with normal milk. Apart from that I tend to prefer normal milk. 

Also I dunno if it's just something with the almond milk brand I buy but I have never been able to get microwave oatmeal to work with it. The oats just don't seem to absorb it."
You will make it. I'm glad to hear you enjoyed yourself! I hope you continue to do so!
"Tell me your secret, I had to sweat like a pig to get my heart rate over 110 on the elliptical. Only machine where I can get to 130 without feeling too much effort is the stairmaster."
Where else do people go when they're bored on a Saturday night and want to socialize?
Just weird lighting on his veins sticking out i think.
Back day is my favorite! Thank you
The difference is having one creative vision and actually using available source material. Stars Wars needed 1 director for all 3 movies or at least one person saying yes/no to major plot points. It's a damn shame they didn't do that.
“I’d love to hear your advice! But only if it’s something I want to hear”
"I have pretty eclectic musical tastes, and I've listened to music ranging from death metal to Gregorian chanting and just about every genre in between.  I've had whole workouts where I had [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wF4EPrIA7rE) on repeat."
Shit you’re right he was 5’11
You ever train so hard you’re shaking? Or you get ravenously hungry mid workout? Because wow
"Oh cool, thanks."
Wrong sub homie…
"Not op, but caloric deficit (ofc you already knew that). What really helped me lose weight and suppress my appetite were chewing sugar free gum all throughout the day, and drinking lots of seltzer water and coffee."
"Leg DOMS are real this morning. Woo! As are butt DOMS, ab DOMS, and shoulder DOMS. Lol"
haha cool so what happened next? did you like it?
"It's cool, refreshing and a great way to stay in shape."
Keep your Onlyfans crap out of here.
Can you expand on that a little? How is his posture contributing to lack of growth only with his right pec?
"You look awesome, I’d be crushed if my show was cancelled with only a month left"
got the 115 pound dumbbells on incline for a good 6 reps
"Wait, I'm so confused. So he takes both arms and holds a broomstick with a wide grip. Then goes straight armed over his head and all the way to his back?

How do you get it past your head without something getting turned? I have to be misunderstanding?"
"I think genetically his abs are just super shallow, can't think of someone to compare it to but it's not super unique."
"ok, that's friggin hilarious"
Act like u can beat them up🤨
Nice cock
"As for Bane, his chest looks well developed just shit generic inserts."
Guys who complain don't get laid. Has nothing to do with what opinion they have.
idk how you supplement junkies do it man. redcon EAA's and total war taste like cancer in powder form.
Nice vacuum man.
Go apologize to her lol
It’s fucking hilarious how Mike has zero self awareness
Lol! No.
But there is not objective standard to win. All avenues of victory are subjective.
Yeah if your breast is sitting in a sauce or something similar it's way better.
"Thanks man, appreciate it"
"I like this, keeping it friendly. The morning crowd is usually the same and I say hi to mostly everyone"
"It's like that Dom Mazzetti quote: All strongmen can be powerlifters, but not all powerlifters can be strongmen."
His delts are insane in person too
"Definitely man. There so much pride and silly reasons people would press ahead, I’d rather take the short term L publicly and just work on building a physique worthy of a meaningful stage.

Thank you, I loved where I got to, happy with the look, it just needs 10kg haha!"
Thoughts on kettlebell RDs? Not feeling them tbh
Same! Thank you
"But long term wise you're doing more damage to your hormones. Hopping on gear isn't advised unless 1. You've hit you're complete genetic limit and 2 everything else about your diet and training is perfect. 

Just doing gear without the latter won't do anything for you exept change hormones. Think about it this way

What you're trying to do is essentially doing junior year college work when you haven't even graduated middle school"
Gotta dress up/Hollywood makeup like a 70 year old so you can work in
You think I could gain weight at the 2684?
Thank you 😊💪🏼
Dude's legs look like a Protoss spaceship.
Some people are on social media for positive attention - some just want attention.
Close enough? Lmao
"For anyone who is wondering what the fuck is going on here: i've checked this dudes posting history and it seems like he's a 6'4 skinny white kid who is obsessed with tall black people. All he does is post pictures of tall black people. No wonder he's seething so hard, he's a coping lanklet."
"Looking good and V is on point nice shoulders and lats,, bit not sure that pose is for classic physic"
Holy shit!!!  That is a seriously jacked 75 year old!
Larry wheels isn’t cringe to me. Just super meathead. But...look at him.
Believe that's a hack squat lol
Cyberpunk theme plays in the bg
Good protein content
How many days has it been sore?
"Yes, just eat a lot of vegetables"
"Oh yeah, totally. I just started reading that this week. He's a very smart individual."
"You looked amazing, congratulations. Good luck with the next show."
"Start working out bro, you need to gain muscles to compete"
What’s your diet looks like during your cut? You look outstanding!!!
"I doubt anyone in these situations actually strictly counts their intake, they just eat a fuckton, then embellish their estimates for the sake of showmanship. Just tally up however much they eat as ""a lot"" and move on, it does not matter."
Lol 5500 I think and poop 4x a day
Amazing shape and flow. The higher lat inserts with how round/full they are look great. Same with the arms. Hopefully he comes in dialled proper for the next show so we can see him in his best.
"Yes I'm aware of that.  Sorry for the confusion and miscommunication.  What you guys see is only the tip of the iceberg please know that.  For instance, I'm explaining to someone right now why their post ""Why is white rice ok but white bread isn't?"" isn't going to be an approved post...."
"I'm a big fan, 48 Laws is one of my all time favorites"
Probably want more tricep volume on arm day.
Thank you 🙏🏻
"Thanks. I walk my dog 5 miles a day. I only drink water throughout the day and 8oz of black coffee in the morning. No sodas, no milk, no alcohol, etc. 

Diet is pretty much the same every day. Very rarely do I eat fried foods or oil. We usually cook with a wok or an air fryer that uses almost no oil to cook foods. I eat a *lot* of asparagus, which leans you out as well. I have asparagus 4-5 days a week. 

After a full day of eating though, like when it's bed time, my waist will have stretched 1-2""."
"Yes but nutrition and training need to be on point, want to look at 2-3lb a week"
"Alright Broadway bitches, Hamilton or Les Mis?

I’m Les Mis erryday 😤 listening to some Hamilton rn tho before I smash legs"
Fuck therapy the only thing that's helping my low self esteem is this sick chest pump goddamnit
So it's just a waste I guess
I'm my own secretary. :-|
Funny until the ping pong guy came on
Wow awesome transformation . Congratulations and good luck in the upcoming event!
"No, but they have a 30 day money back guarantee"
Congrats on getting on stage your first time. Your posture on stage needs tons of work.
Good advice
"Insane for someone to start training in their late 60s and to keep competing until he was 87 yrs old. These juice cycles are like a fountain of youth, no wonder they are illegal."
To* the choppa. Sorry
You can’t lose fat on a bulk
"If you call photoshop art, yeah it is"
Different in a good way?
Really dude? No thanks.
"Devestating to read. All love and prayers to his friends and family.

Since it was so close to the Olympia, perhaps the mood will be a bit different. Nevertheless, hopefully the recent deaths this summer and fall will make the industry rethink some things, maybe look for something else in the winners than things that cause people to want to drain themselves to this degree."
"I'm gonna be honest, I thought my  cal was low enough  on fitnespal so I didn't measure the ice cream with an actual cup until last 2 weeks. I re-measured all my food again on myfitnesspal and now that you mentioned it, the ice cream is 3/4 cups for 180 calories which is so fuckin little if i only eat 80 calories of that 

anyways, thanks I messed up on the icream part, just decided to add oats since that tastes pretty good and filling instead of binging on ice cream"
The fuck else do u need tho
Lmao that's pathetic if he really blocked you for that
Yeah I already dropped it almost completely I’ve only drank twice in like two months. The alcohol hit me like a truck this weekend and I had to take four days off my diet to recover. Shits awful
Looks badass tho
"Yeah, go take the title my g"
"Thanks, and thanks for the heads up on the jacket!"
Damn don’t have access to that in my house but I’ll try it when the gyms open back up
Nobody replied? Fuark brah I’m glad you appreciated my response
Drop the shoulder workout
"Oh okay well if that's the case man those are really good stats disregard my comment you know I'm just judging by the pic I don't know how your legs look smaller when you take a picture at waist level usually that makes the leg look bigger

You right about the regional shows if you just focus on bringing what you got into the show fat free and peeled then you're likely to win 👍"
"I’m on week two/three of 500 test C, no negative effects so far, are you seeing good progress on the 300? I’ve been gaining weight (muscle) crazy fast."
Ya I wish lol it’s definitely thinner tho which I’ll take tbh
Watch videos on mindfulness and anxiety reduction. Win win.
"Are your other muscles growing? If not, reconsider your program and your diet. If everything *but* your chest is growing then it could very well be the program you're working (assuming your form is decent)"
Ronaldo does fucking power cleans lol. All the pros will be doing proper explosive gym workouts.
"If he’s got a Schwantz like that he has a pair of Huevos too, and I don’t see any room between his sequoia thighs for either"
Killer shoulder to waist ratio jfc
I add them to everything lol
"Absolutely. Not hating on op he looks great, but it’s a filtered photo in good lighting he is not that massive."
"Twista was the only good gimmick account. I miss him, and I wish him good sex.

What was the name of the guy who came before him, and was like the 1.0 version of him?"
That’s ok
"Would love that.

Personally I want more info on his abdominal surgeries and stuff."
If you like straight sugar taste Optimum nutrition has a salted caramel flavor that is killer. I mix it with instant coffee and blend protein Frappuccino’s 🤷‍♂️
That's a fucking awesome system. Best of luck!
"Not really grass vs corn fed or anything like that, but I always buy free-range. Its cruel for animals to be locked up, and its not too much more now to buy free-range. Goes for meat, milk and eggs."
This man speaks truth
Lmao yeah having a huge appetite sucks for aesthetics but the PRs are awesome bro. Maybe we should just become the SHW powerlifters we are destined to be.
I hope he's called Dale
"Congrats on the hard work. That is something to be very proud of.

Whatever insertions you have, don’t worry about it. Go for your goals and if you even get close it was still worthwhile. Keep grinding brother!"
Instagram is shit and terrible for your mental health. It's only use is for memes lol
What the fuck
Yeah for sure. I was thinking of doing something involving cico since people seem to be very misinformed about it
"Lats, pecs, VGs, delts, quads in no specific order. Smaller gauge needle makes it a breeze."
Omg I love skinny guys &lt;3
"It's sad you get downvoted. Noel admitted the use of gears in his videos. I think that makes him very human. So no, he is not ""natural"" but the value of his influencing is off the scale nonetheless"
make it as awkward as possible &amp; then post results to the DD. tia
"Nah, i’d honestly be pissed by the audacity to ask me for 20$ when i basically don’t even fucking know you tbh. But i get what you’re saying

The larger the amount the less pissed i’d be and just start finding it hilarious that he thought it’d actually work."
"To steal the tactic from J. Kenji López-Alt - measure out your pasta in the pot. Put enough water to just cover the pasta. Put over heat. When the water reaches 180 degrees Fahrenheit (82.2 Celsius), start the timer for your particular pasta to be cooked. Time ends, mix in your milk and cheese with the remains of the starch filled pasta water, over low heat. This would also be an advantageous time to out some additional seasonings (garlic powder, chili flakes, black pepper). Boom - one pot and ideally not super stuck to the bottom Mac and cheese"
Fuarkn god tier arms my friend.
It says your dumbass doesn't know how to talk to people like humans
"Ahh yes I haven't been in a hardcorr gym,I won't argue with you further, think what you want to.Also show some pics of Cbum and tell me where do you think he injected synthol if you are that much knowledgeable"
"What a coincidence 😂 Thanks man, nothing but love. I'll keep updating"
Just google it you skinny short cunt
bro cut up some potatoes and put in a bowl then drizzle that shit with a little olive oil and sea salt. toss around the bowl a bit to let it saturate and then throw it in air fryer for like 20 ish minutes if u want em nice and crispy. this has been a staple for me since i got mine.
"nah i'm just gonna pay the kid when it grows up, little fella did a great job helping me here and he doesnt even know it"
Had you injured your forearm recently?
Solid gains what’s your routine for leg day?
"Absolutely mirin' you look like the perfect balance between size and aesthetics. 

Good luck with your show, do classic fam"
"Well yes, it pulled the water into the muscle"
Where are your organs lol ?
I agree but tbf i wonder how I’d act if I was the best in the world for 7 years straight haha
"I’ll look into it for sure, can’t really put a price on health tbf. Especially with kidneys, I wanna do all I can to protect em. Currently all I’m on for them is an ARB and the astragalus."
"Yeah I was going to say unless your major is something super intense like gender studies or nuclear physics college is the best time to bodybuild. 

With high school you're largely dependent on parents for gym fees etc. With college you likely have a weekend gig  or the school provides everything for you"
Bro you don’t want her
He's shaped more like a T than a V
You're an iphone user for sure lol
"I love how vaccines meant to save lives are now political. Lmao, you have to love this dumb ass country we live in called America."
Like 8 times
"Sorry for the late response, nothing really I felt pretty good, but i was most worried about my posture and my posing. I wish I started posing in the beginning of the year when I decided to compete. Thats the most important thing I’d say. They also were flying through the divisions so very little time hitting the poses."
My man's never heard of FF curls
"I trust your input PreworkoutAbuser.

But I also took both citrulline &amp; Beta-Alanine"
Yes I am aware of this I'm looking for a fix for my chest not to know if I am lean or not
I would recommend not to exaggerate the transitions so much. Popping into them is a good concept but o would work on smoothing them out a bit. Dope physique though.
We all sore the first picture and stayed for the last!
"Your wings are absolutely incredible; great insertions. Solid frame for your age and height, too. Nice work, keep it up."
Is powerlifting the laziest form of weight training? Genuine q here guys because I feel like it is.
A nobody insulting a somebody insulting a deadbody
How warm is the room? I always end up kicking my blanket off so I can’t sleep naked or I’ll wake up from being cold
Wow thanks! I obviously have no idea what I’m doing at all so thanks for the tip on what drugs to run internet stranger!
You seem angry. Want to talk about it?
Yeah man! Go to your nearest black barber. It’ll change your life. I can tell what look you’re going for and they will get you right. Looking good though brother 💪🏽
"Any tips on how to improve my chest? Also pretty sure I have gyno so fat fucking L. Nonetheless any help appreciated 

https://imgur.com/a/liVklB3"
"They are definitely a ""drivers"" car. Some didn't even come with traction control or abs."
Oh. Yours is fucking sick I hear the guy that drives it is aesthetic &amp; cool af. Absolute chad
"Ooh I'm here for this as well. Not sure I want to cash in until I've heard more about it, not enough people testing yet but also don't want to wait that long... Lol"
If u bring that shit to Brisbane and shut us down again I swear to god m8 ima come rek u
Thanks
What's the Franco fiasco?
Translation: i will dump more oil than Exxon Valdez
This comment is really sad man.
"I haven’t been sharing my vlogs much since I felt like the whole middle of prep was boring af. But I just put up my [Show Day 1: Mike Francois Classic](https://youtu.be/u-zK38GNj3s) vlog on my YouTube and figured some of you might want to see actual stage footage. Working on peak week #2 and my Masters Nationals show day this week, as soon as I finish my final project for my summer semester. Thanks again for all the love and support! Almost half my views came from Reddit every week. Guess I’ll keep this going over the next year as I chase my card!"
Not recent but still amazing
I love juice
Enzyme in pineapple eats and destroys protein checkmate you dirty casual.
Lmao yeah sure buddy
"Yeah, he also claimed to have had a negative body fat percentage so forgive me if I don't believe the ""lived on pizza"" story."
Ok
"Nah. Taking a full year off to grow, relax a bit on my diet and get some work off the ground"
What the hell is going on in here? Lol
Good job pal
"There's no set rules of what muscles are immune to cutting. But if you cut properly you shouldn't lost a lot of muscle mass, keep your protein intake high while dropping fat and carbs. If your protein sources are dirty then clean it up to shave excess calories."
Without reading it I can tell it's shit
Natural and has just been wrestling all his life
"Covid killed the DD. Everyone was without a gym for months, and countless people still are. No shitposts to be made when you're not training :/"
Good call. Guess I should read the thing before asking here lmao.
Yeah I'm LGTBQ: let's get this bread quickly
"No homo, but I think girls are kinda cool"
It’s impossible lol
Oooh nah but that sounds dope. Might give it a try next time.
"Nah, I don’t think Cbum will beat him by default due to him being 5’9 and Cbum being 6’0. One of the best physiques of all time, Shawn Ray was 5’7 (really 5’6) and he has placed above Paul Dillett, who was 6’1. And Phil Heath was winning over Ramy. 5’6 Dexter has won the Olympia and the Arnold Classic 5 times, over taller competitors. 5’6 Roelly Winklaar has won over taller competitors. However, the height thing is relative. Taller competitors like Cedric McMillian tend to dominate over others, because they may have better genetics. 

Cbum, has certain flaws that Molnar can exploit. Like subpar arms, lack of chest thickness and conditioning."
"Lol i don't mean to be scary, sorry!"
"Between baking, grilling, pressure cooking, and air frying chicken, I must say that grilling leaves my
Chicken the juiciest"
"Generally you want to be hitting more than just the 1 on the last set (but I get wanting to grind up a little further).  Since you failed, I'd just take a few steps back, reset your TM, and work up again."
Definitely not. Would be really interesting how far this dude would have gone without his dad's name.
Lateral Raises more important?
Looks like I'm making quesadillas everyday till I'm sick of them
Looking great! Good luck in the show.
honestly ?
"I'm still regaining my strength since before quarantine, might have phrased it badly lol"
"The worst part about deleting old Reddit accounts is having to build up karma to comment on some more niche subs. 

You guys have to trust me tho my old accounts were 5 stars in karma"
most gym have folks playing ariola grande autotuning her queefs
"Hey all
I finished my cut last week and went away on vacation for a week. I go home tomorrow but my weight is up 8 lbs. 121 to 129 currently.  I know lots is probably bloat from carbs and sugar but has this happened to anyone? Usually after a cheat day it jumps 5 lbs for a few days and goes back down but I've never been up this high for this long. Kinda freaking out"
Thank you bro!
Good. Arnold’s a cunt and he can go fuck himself.
Cut either volume or working weight to 50-60% of your training norm/average.
"
Are there any negative impacts of not being consistent with the amount of days you workout in a week? Let’s say I always have 3 days in a week where I workout, but some weeks I may do 4 or 5. Would be going back to those 3 days have any negative impact on my progress as a beginner?"
"He finally accomplished his mission. Everyone in the village had finally achieved a 6 pack. 

Wait where are you going a youngin said to Mike Chang.

He turned away from the setting sun a tear in his eye.

Wherever I'm needed kid. He walked off into the sunset never to be seen again"
"Thanks, I will look into that. 

Volume, intensity and periodization strategy are adjusted short and long-term based on your performance and daily readiness feedback. 

Nutrition is adjusted weekly based on your weight development and your caloric intake."
Fuaaaaaaaaaa Jeff looks so good with short hair. Dude got blessed genetics.
Wishing you the best &amp; reminding you that you've got a place to be here when you need it
That's a save
I must’ve missed the sarcasm my bad lol
"Details matter. I remember when I had forearm tendinitis and went mad trying to find the solution. What was it? I needed to straighter my wrists when benching. 

Random right knee pain developed. What was it? I was squatting from my knees instead of initiating the movement at my hips. 

Nowadays I look around and desperately want to spread the good word but I just pray for them from afar"
Got the sickening janoy piss stain. It freaky
"I have no idea what high carb cycle means, sorry can’t help you buddy."
Pretty sure I saw a girl wearing those at the gym last night.  I considered the rationale behind purposeful wedgies but I'm getting old and the girls there are trying to out ho each other so I'm numb.
Your buddy is a moron if he thinks that's possible
Idk but I like the picture
"So obsessed. You consume my thoughts night and day and I so wish I weighed 100 pounds less so I could look cosmetic.

OR...it's just easy and you've become a meme."
Sorry i mean brachials muscle
Whelp there goes all of the RBP predictions lol
"Probably an insanely fucking stupid question but, having 4 whole fried eggs compared to chopping the eggs up into a big mix of egg surely both are the exact same when it comes to protein and what not? Like it’s literally just a different way to serve it."
Thank fucking god
Gotcha. Thanks! But since I wake up at 2 and then I’m at the gym by like 3:30 I kinda have a short food window to eat up and get energy before my workout. Would that mean I should get some fast digesting carbs in before training?
"I'm trying it for ten weeks. I had my best results doing keto before soo yeah. Getting into it is terrible though. Also I don't necessarily have bodybuilding goals like most guys here, I'm happy with beach lean."
"Yeah seems pretty normal. I usually aim for 20-25 sets per day. I prefer to do less sets per exercise and have more variation (7-8 exercises X 3 sets, 4 for my squat/DL/bench/OHP)."
The Olympia has been a dirty business since 1965…
"Question:

How much harm will say, 1 pint of beer do in terms of loss of protein synthesis or reduced testosterone? 

Will a pint with lunch after a workout completely nullify the workout or will I still have a net progression?"
more fat acceptance bullshit for people who have rolls while *standing up*
did not age well
"I will keep that frame of mind. I like the way you think! 


My band director listened to how my solo was coming a few weeks and he said it was already better than most of the college players so I’m sure I’ll update y’all how it went when I get done. 


I won’t know if I get the scholarships til after the other audition date unless there aren’t any other tenor players in the other auditions either. In any case I bet I will get it"
No fucking shit
Man who awarded this shit lmao
"Tbh this picture makes them look a lot worse than they are. His hams and calves are probably his weakest bodypart, [but they look much better in other poses.](https://www.instagram.com/p/CO0Ktggh9LV/?igshid=xok7jo5ut10u)"
"&gt; how the fuck do you even start

You don’t hate yourself enough yet."
"I know them, but I've only got to use like the widest one there is and I'm only 5'5"" with pretty short arms lol.

But if I get to use a narrower one I'll probably fall in love with it."
Are good way :p...
"My only good result from 20 years of being a fat ass, 18 inch calves without training them."
No offense but who actually looked like this in the golden era ? I dont think this guy ever stepped stage on the Olympia so relatively speaking isnt he better than the guys back then?
Bulking is exhausting. I don't know how obese people do it.
"Yeah, but you don’t need to go nearly that cold (like if it’s bad enough that there’s skin damage, you really shouldn’t). It just needs to be cool enough to pull heat out of the burn."
Men with MORE reason you should be proud of yourself. You have massive dedication. Work all the parts of the body you can! Inspiring bro!
I think I need to focus on better mmc with chest bc I mainly do incline movements but don’t necessarily always feel it
"my cousin did this when he was growing up (in the 80s) canned tuna was literally his only protein source. he's pushing 50 now and he has memory problems. very smart guy but constantly retells stories when I've heard them a dozen times.

don't know if it's related to the tuna. he ate only tuna for a solid 20 years."
"Yes forgot to mention that, it affects my calves"
"I’m definitely not fat, and my source is pretty well respected. Not natty. Maybe I gotta up my sodium or something, unsure."
"It looks nice, I hate porch pirates stealing shit"
Blessing left his traps somewhere and now he can’t find them.
Prime example of a ProLifeTip LOL
How does that change things lol?  Covid is everywhere kind sir.
What problems are having?
Ur a killer!! Keep it up !!
Nice one my nigga 👍
"You absolutely can with enough hard work, i would recommend following a push pull legs split and loading up on more exercises for your workouts"
Traps look solid
"I feel like I’m banished to safety squats/front squats. 
Low bar squats just really irritate my hip flexors because of the acute torso angle.

Anyone improved tender hip flexors when training legs? 
Physio wasn’t much help."
"Ahoy readytodie777! Nay bad but me wasn't convinced. Give this a sail:

me’ll probably be super heavy or baaarrreely heavy"
For sure! Have a great weekend my man
Or he likes 15 year old girls. This is fucked.
Thanks for the advice! I’ll check them out
Stahp eating all the food!  Lol. No worries man lower the cals up the cardio.  Plenty of time before beach season. We're all gonna make it.
"Dude is in crazy shape for his age with no health issues, but yeah probably not worth rolling the dice"
"Umm no, it's really not the equivalent of saying that, especially not on a bodybuilding post."
"Great, thanks man I'll just experiment a bit

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you for the advice!"
"Well, you failed. I still don’t understand how a pro bodybuilder who argued with adults can be compared to Hitler. Apparently, arguing with individuals is the same as killing millions of innocent people? Yet, my logic is flawed?"
The glory days when MP is in its infancy. Those guys are the ones that got me interested in BB
All Holes Are Beautiful
I just season my steaks with vitamin powder and avoid the veggies
"Stop deleting your comments.

That burn clinic one earlier was great."
Meathook from Doom Eternal &gt; everything from Doom 2016 &gt; everything else from Doom Eternal
"They still look like 3"" stumps under your guy's enormous powerlifter guts though."
"yes ik elliot is known for the hippy shit but his other stuff like training makes sense, how does his training sucks from his 2017 or 2018 videos etc."
Thank you🙏
For sure. I’ve always appreciated how quickly it gets shut down here. It’s like a little escape.
"Guys, you need to cut that shit out."
Nope. I'd say last 2020 was his best package to this date.
Of course and you can increase your intensity because of it as well
I feel bad for him
"Well AS uses gears, right? like SARMS from spectrelabs.org"
"I'm struggling with translation for my bachelor thesis. I've come across the term ""health products"". My guess is health products mean supplements, correct?"
"&gt; Seth came off looking like an asshole.

That happens quite often. It's why I'm not a fan of his."
Nah bro mushrooms are the king of non green veg
"Yeah I'm sure your ""mummy"" would love to see you compete one day 😂😂"
Because I dont want one of my friends who I talk to on discord to not respond one day so we have to bully him into caring about his health
A close friend ifbb pro of mine did
"Idk, im natty i dont need to do this blood work stuff. I think what happens though is they send you an order you print out or some shit and then you can bring it to any local place that draws blood i guess but idk for sure

I mean i dont know your financial situation but its $25 and its not like its going to be excessive if theres some kind of fee"
Want to time the cut to end at halloween.
Yeah dude just go to the doctor now. You don't know what you don't know.
This looks pretty natural for years of training plus being decently lean.
You look awesome. Congrats!
So full of shit.  You think you are the first person has tried to pull the “asking for a friend”?  We were born but it wasn’t yesterday.  Gtfo
Weird
"I'm fairly strong at chest exercises  but never felt my chest really.

I can bench 265/270 at 171 bodyweight yet my chest looks flat as it always have been. Anyone wanna trade stenght for size? Hmu

Toomorow I'm doing seth feroces tip about doing 5x20 push ups and then 3x12 flies before going for any pressing movement

Anyone that had a hard time feeling your chest what have you done to help It?"
Thanks mate
"You were damn close, Jay claims a gym best of 585, Brian's contest record from the floor seems to be 1040."
Thanks bro
Great work my man
"Personally I think too low looks too freaky and too high looks too much, so I think getting just the right amount as women tend to prefer a meatier man than shredded"
Why are you cutting? just curious because you look very lean
"You can gain muscle mass at any rep range, but 5-30 is ideal. 

There's a bit more nuance to it than that (you shouldn't do lateral raises for sets of 5 or push press for sets of 30, for example) but 15+ reps is absolutely fine for muscle growth."
"Honestly last week I lifted for the first time in like 5 months, low resistance as well all neutral grip and it still flared up. I think there's more going on which is why I want to see a physio see if they can figure it out or not"
"I think you're confused as to what being ""about my size"" and being my size at my level of conditioning or proportions is.

Those don't matter and I don't know.

Also, consider I'm taking low doses of the safest and mildest compounds, the guys you're comparing me to are likely not. They aren't hyper responders they're just less Conservative."
[i think he looks pretty big in some pics.](https://www.instagram.com/p/CJgxsnhBDuF/?igshid=1jredhcduishk) His videos seem more about food than anything though.
Thank you
"Mate you look incredible, dream physique right there. 

off topic slightly but the mother tattoo on your right arm makes you look like a strongman / wrestler / comic strip from the 1900s. It’s an amazing aesthetic and I’m living for it 👍🏻👍🏻"
This x100000. Couldn’t agree more.
Alright I’ll post a pic now.. can only see shoulders and chest in it because I didn’t take them kind of photos. I went from 64kgs to 77kg in 6 months naturally.
don't use a spotter. there's safe ways to fail without having to rely on others
There ya go. Should see better results with that
"Aye, it's the black blessing bro. I'm Mexican so my fat is pretty much exclusively love handles."
"Thanks dude. The classic take on addiction: “just stop doing it”

Very insightful"
The fuck?
"Yeah it's weird. I imagine it's just because not many people were big back then and not used to that look, so they didn't want him looking all freaky. Probably wanting the film to have wider appeal."
"Just part of the game. Failures happen due to having a bad day, lack of strength etc just keep going."
I am happy to be in friggin business with u/dick-fuck-pussy-suck.  Our fricking venture that we started is just THE START OF AN EMPIRE
Hahahha Idk to be honest! She was found on a dumpster when she was a 1 month baby and I adopted her from the lady who saved her
don’t be a smartass.
low dose accutane experiences?
Love it wish there were more pics of bulking tho
DNP if you’re okay with potentially frying to death
Life gains congrats bro
"Did you type qt instead of cute? Fuck, I'm old"
Yeah man! It's getting tighter everyday. I just really really have to suffer for it haha
No self promotion…
I am both very motivated and disciplined today after resting the biggest urge to snack last night. Gonna get shredded bros
"Even if we're talking about something super super trivial, do you think it's a dick move to share something about someone when that person said not to share it?"
Appreciate it!💪🏾
Nipples. I mean nice physique man
I'd be genuinely surprised if he comments lol.
Excited for you that your prep can happen in a gym and not your garage this year.
"You want literal “fuckboy?” Estevez Swimwear has fuckboy underwear. You want kinda fuckboy. Buy some NastyPig. 

If you wanna Chad: lululemon"
"Insane physique bro. Just wondering do you feel like you get enough attention from Patrick? I’ve heard some of his clients feel he gives most of his time to the freaks such as hollingshead, and some of his other clients get put on the back burner? What do you think? Thanks"
"Yes, in a bodybuilding sub. Both of your posts are gonna get deleted so please don't preach about rules of the sub. Also, don't lie about gear this isn't a judgmental place"
"super shredded, well done!"
"Lots of amazing bodies over 60 nowadays, almost all steroids related I’m sure.  But why not look amazing your whole life if you can, even past 60 as long as you maintain the body properly it can be done."
"Yeah, yeah I hear you and all, good package at the show......the only question I want answered is how you ""grew"" a quarter inch?.....all us manlets need this secret....this is the key to winning.....so what is the sauce bb?"
Yeah first few workouts were horrible haha I tolerated way less volume. Got used to it but don't know if it's due to my weight gain but right now it fucks me up a bit in harder exercises.
You lose Weight very quickly? If not I'd say wait to another show. Youre like 20%bf and going to have to diet fucking hard to get to good conditioning
"I've been thinking about conspiracy theories and I think I've come up with a psychological reason why so many of them are so prevent. 

Because absurd theories are more logical then the events that spawned them. Certain moments like 911 and jfks assasination are so beyond comprehension and so tragic the only way people know how to deal with them is to craft wild stories and connect dots that aren't there. Because it's easier to accept that the government itself came up with the idea vs a few average men
 
For example like norman mailer said about jfk

*It is virtually not assimilable to our reason that a small lonely man felled a giant in the midst of his limousines, his legions, his throng and his security. If such a nonentity destroyed the leader of the most powerful nation on earth, then a world of disproportion engulfs us, and we live in a universe that is absurd.*

Now I'm not saying all theories aren't valid. There's a few I believe deserve research,however I genuinely feel like this is the explanation"
"6'5"".

I'm also ~260 now and it also helps that I have distinctive pants: 

 https://imgur.com/AJiEXsq.jpg"
"Bets on when this Ryan Crowley idiot tears a tricep or something and they post another charity campaign to stitch him back together?

https://www.instagram.com/p/CPD-X8lgeDA/"
[Don’t forget to train your neck boys ](https://www.reddit.com/r/IdiotsNearlyDying/comments/ocv2tf/broke_his_neck/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)
"Oh yeah I used to bodybuild too, I was really toned at one point. Way more toned than you."
"Idk man I know guys into fat chicks, can definitely go the other way"
Congrats u/omfgjanne!
"Oh for sure. It's much easier to do simple calcs mentally.  But, when it comes to anything useful – like plotting a course to the Caribbean, or telling time, it breaks down."
"Mans put on some size, also he has very good liness!, maybe his biceps need a little bit more of work but that’s it."
well yes i understand that but it’s a common misconception and a lot of people still believe that to be true! glad he at least didn’t go that far and knew that to be true!
Lol fuck off
"Nah, I developed mine during puberty had a extremely shit diet in my teen years and was obese during the majority of it. Planning on getting surgery for it, Are you planning on getting surgery out of curiosity?"
I will confirm with the mods.  I’ll leave some feedback as well and obviously try to answer as many questions as I can. Thanks!
Great job and a big congratulations! Keep it up!
"Yes and no.

So first, lifting absolutely helps my mental health. It gives me focus and has generally enhanced my life and sense of wellbeing.

It is, however, absolutely not a true fix for real mental health problems. It is, at most, one piece of the mental health puzzle. At worst, it can increase a mental health issue either through body dysmorphia or such single minded focus that you lose sight of everything else.  In the middle, it can act as a bandaid.

I think lifting is a great hobby and I encourage everyone do participate, but it won't fix underlying issues."
I've tried it from rich piana and it has to have some actual performance enhancing stuff in it. My shoulders broke out and my dick stopped working while I used it when I was 100% natural so be careful with what you buy.
"Longer rest times is just going to stress your cns even more since you're more recovered between sets lol. If youre like me and insist on training hard every day and not deloading, cut your rest times. 30-90 seconds for anything that isn't strength training. You'll get a better pump and won't be able to fatigue yourself as much"
Got it. Guess today’s a growth and soccer day then. Thanks!
"Ayy yo wrong universe my guy,get back into the Baki universe."
"Doesn't matter how many tests you get, if you are abusing the massive amounts of shit those guys are on, that shit takes a toll. Standard testing won't check for an enlarged heart. 2017 also saw a spike in deaths with Piana, McCarver and a few others, and there was no covid shot then.

Don't delude yourself, the massive amounts of drugs those guys are on is insanely dangerous. They've been abusing for decades. It's just a matter of time until it hits people.

How do you know those heart conditions aren't from covid itself? And I don't think there's all that many heart conditions in the NFL (I don't watch soccer so no idea)."
"Man, I wish most of my friends weren't flakes. I also feel like I'm the only one who tries to organize things. This pandemic has made it so hard to make new friends in my new area. 

/end sad diary post"
Fake natty
haha alright champ
Nah haha! After the surgeries I couldn’t workout and now I’m all skin and bones but I’m getting back into it
Wait is this a joke? Dude gonna be dead at 40
Looking lean! What’s the diet been like through prep? Calories and cardio?
"Idk what is about John meadows  programs man,  I always see a shit ton progress when running them"
Congratulations!  And those delts are popping!
Work &gt; gym &gt; bed lol
Gonna leave us hanging with no pics?
Yeah my neighbours husband just got put in a nursing home. She's lonely so I figured why not and made a move
"What if BB competition was shit? Bloated, fat, terrible legs, etc, and the classic was stacked?"
"This is heavy heavy abuse. I’ve been on TRT+ low doses of stuff for about a year, and at 27 still have a baby face"
"Obligatory ""good for him getting his workout on, and yeah they're not wrong about it being good for your glutes and core...""

... there are a LOT better ways than dumbell pressing on weird ass objects to work your glutes and core. Like, basically anything if this is the risk you're assuming. Shit you not, deadlifting a pair of 25 pound dumbells would probably be as useful and a fuck of a lot safer.

I feel bad for him though. In my teens I did stupid shit, like seated OHP in a lawn chair. I didn't have a bench or any ""proper"" workout equipment, so... yeah... here's all 140 pounds of me at the time doing a barbell OHP in a flimsy fucking lawn chair. Not even a good one. One of those weaved nylon bastards. I'm damned lucky, so my heart goes out to the man."
Great starting shape for 15 weeks out
Keep getting an annoying twitch in my left tricep for the past couple of weeks
Oh yeah! I actually got a lot of the mods on r/movies running John Meadows Baby Groot and Warlock now lol.
"Watching some live stream on UFC. It's cool to see what kibd of ads US TV has. But the Arny ad is several kinds of fucked up.

Looks like some kind of COD game and portrays the army as a video game where you choose your class. Are you a Force Multiplier or maybe  a Replenisher? Choose your destiny!"
Had a nightmare that I was going bald. Better start looking into bosley
Anyone remember the original Bullnox preworkout? I used to love it then they changed the formula and the newer stuff isn’t the same. Can anyone recommend a preworkout that’s comparable?
This sub is hilarious. Dani needs more work on his posterior chain but to say he has chicken legs or skips leg day is crazy.
Yeah but do they do the thing where you chomp wrong and it stabs the inside of your mouth?
Thx for the info. Got any recs for a program that's great for arms?
Thank you!
Work is stressing me out guys
I've always felt the best on a low-fat diet. Maybe coincidence idk.
Good morning guys
That right there looks like it hurts!
His thigh veins make me want to cbum
"if you're serious about bodybuilding, that's a hobby that's gonna have to go. just being honest."
"Don’t touch gear for a few years I’d go crazy trying to see what you can naturally accomplish and then with gear the sky is the limit. Also, the idea that you make the most gains the first year isn’t always true. I trained and dieted like shit my first three years. Then was intense (1g protein per lb BW and trained 6 days a week hard af) and put on 15 lbs of muscle in my fourth year of training (I’d say 20-25 lbs of BW, 15 lb muscle is conservative as I didn’t gain too much fat, look leaner if anything). All I did was go all in on my diet, train caffeinated, and hopped on creatine. Make sure everything’s on point and you see how far you can go."
Hope he didn't ask Ronnie to do a vacuum
Erred to die huge than live pathetic
"Sorry to break it to you, but them having better results is not due to creatine. Also, stop comparing your progress to other people's, if you're improving it's good, if not, find out what you're doing wrong."
"theres so many strategies man. Sweet tooth? have sugary as fuck  meal before bed. Protein cereal, milk, rice Krispy bars.

Craving mac n cheese? Just go buy fat free cheese and melt that with unflavored almond milk. You can totally IIFYM and still make progress

Fries/chips? Throw some taters in an air fryer. 

major problem is people keep cutting calories instead of getting steps in or doing cardio. Non competition dieting isn't *that* hard

also ex fatty here"
"Definitely won’t rely on it. My current program is actually directed towards aesthetics, so muscle building def comes first for me. Do you think low impact is better? One of my favorite HIIT exercises is sprints, which can be high impact"
"The crazier the pics, the more followers he gets, the more paychecks he gets from sponsorships"
I’m on 500mg test e a week and yes it’s better than what i am atm but I’m only 6 weeks into first cycle so long ways to go
Depends on what my fridge looks like but I usually spend $100 - $140 a week
"Pfft.... yeah, as if any of us knows what that even is."
Why the fuck would SARMs make you piss hot for any of those?
This cut has absolutely destroyed my juicy dump truck… all my precious fat there absolutely vaporized
Go for it and try to enjoy the process
"Doesn't matter tbh. I know plenty of guys that have gotten gyno from puberty. If you think you got it, chances are you don't but if the peace of mind is worth seeing a doctor i recommend you do so."
So would you recommend lots of ab isolation instead?
I think part of the problem is that people who don't understand a subject tend to have the strongest opinions about the subject in question and social media gives us access to those shit opinions. Couple that with more and more Boomers getting comfortable with tech and social media and here we are.
"Ok wait: basically what you're telling me is that running arimidex to lower overall estrogen levels (I know as said tren nor win don't aromatise) produced by my female body is OK and is no way what doesn't make my scale go down. In fact I take adex to lower my OWN estrogen which may cause water retention not bc of the gear I am on.

My coach told me if you drink once a week but do more cardio than you do which should be at least 20 mins every day (every workout end and not barely twice a week like you do) 2 glasses of wine won't screw up a  good diet, gear and workout regime -- obviously 1 bottle of rum could.
Luckily enough I immediately can adjust as it's 6th day.

Do you anyway think adex should be eliminated or a low dosage adex help with my own estrogen production? Or it is better to use it as the prep is going to be over?"
Fresh and very
"Thank you so much, I'm so glad somebody finally had the balls to say this!"
Man you seem ideal for Classic
I WANNA FUCK SOMMER RAY SO BAD
"Was getting sick of eating eggs everyday. Usually made them scrambled with spinach, but decided to throw them in my chocolate peanut butter oatmeal and it turned out really good. Now my oatmeal actually got significant amounts of protein too. Just a tip if you don’t like eggs."
Fuck yeah happy for iain.. deserves it
Hahahaha you seriously think I look like him? 😁 Never gotten that before
"No I’m the one who told someone not to say anything, and I’m saying it’s trivial. Trying to decide if it was a dick move irregardless"
thank you! Love me some apple pie
"Specifically the tension through the range of motion is very wierd.

They are pretty good at pumping backstage tho"
what one did u like better
Yes. I second this.
The post of him got taken down like twice for lack of discussion so was just posting again so that the post remains . Also the original post got a lot of attention to a Mexican bodybuilder which their doesn’t seem to be much of in this Reddit .
Plebe... I recently attained ultra straight
"Strongman lifting doesn't use many bodybuilding movements so unless they start following a bb program, they won't really get a bodybuilders physique. And they might look good, but they wont look nearly as good as an actual experienced bodybuilder on gear following a program.

As for the fat aspect, imo, strongmen eat a fuck ton and don't really care what they gain, fat or muscle, it's all leverage for them, so they'd have a bit of a curve adjusting to the stricter dieting I'd say. 

Now I kind of get the feeling you're talking about yourself, I recommend you don't use gear unless you have a coach for bodybuilding and a very good grasp on how hypertrophy, recovery, and food all work for bodybuilding, because you likely will not get very far without a coach and good guidance. If you decide you want to cycle with none of these things, do not take an oral only cycle, or any other compound without testosterone as the base, it won't work very well and will fuck your kidneys and livers into oblivion"
"Still, is it worth it?"
"I would care! Haha 

Yeah I’d report the guy."
"For you I'd recommend protein close to 30%, higher if cutting, lower if bulking and fats around 25%. You can do some carb cycling and have high fat/low carb days to get your insulin sensitivity under control as well"
It's true.
"if you're natural you look fantastic, if you're not natural you look fantastic

&amp;#x200B;

edit: good luck you're going to crush it"
"Yeah, once you lean out more we can give it a real critique. I'm tempted to say a little more thickness for chest, but once you shed enough fat it might be fine.

It's your first show in CP, have you ever competed in another division?

Anyways, you have a solid base for sure."
I’m in this comment and I don’t like jt
Ncie join the club
Used to be a big Pokémon fan as a kid and now that I'm an adult with money I'm doing stuff I wanted to do growing up like going to tournaments and competing
"I had jokes in my head looking at the first photo but came here looking for the wholesome. These guys deserve respect for sure. Just having a show at all is hard there right now, let alone being able to train or being able to fucking eat."
His whole upper body is just outrageous
No LOL tbh I was built like quienten Nelson. 320. 211 pounds of muscle mass 100 pounds of body fat. 12 pounds of the vitals. But life beat my ass and I just became a pathetic sack of shit got up 360 went from 29 percent body fat to 53. Fucking despicable bro.
"Your body is net able to process it lol not laughing at your pain but been there done that. 

Took me 2 weeks to shit after comp I downed a box of cheese it’s never again. Easy into it next time  lolollll"
"Nah, thicc boi's for life"
"Anyone else wake up after like 4 hours and unable to fall back asleep? It happens pretty frequently, right now I'm tired as fuck but after laying here an hour and a half I'm just going to get up.

I work 3 night shifts per week and can always sleep fine after those"
"The number doesn't matter. 15 or 16 or 20 % bf. There is no point arguing about the percent. The judges aren't going to measure you with calipers or a DEXA scan. The judges are going to sit there and argue over percents lmfao. All they care about is what you look like. And based on that, the pictures, you probably need more than 12 weeks."
Thanks dude. Some of these comments have been humbling but it just means there is more work to do.
Ah okay. In your original pics they looked small my bad :X just bad angles. Looking good.
"I have thrown out all food like crisps and chocolate, bread, milk, a lot of canned food. I have restocked with vegetables, fruit, and oat milk, musli, and learning how to make fresh meals that are healthy alternatives for the food I used to eat"
"Yeah may try, other spots are fine with the 25 but legs may need being more gentle haha."
"I feel ridiculous even asking this but how do you get bigger outer quad muscles... I've been squatting for years and I definitely notice my teardrops are getting bigger but that outer muscle that often sticks out... I feel like are non-existent on me. I'm a home gym guy so I don't have tons of different things to work with but maybe it's my variations. I ran nSuns for like a year and a half and was doing hella front squats (which I love), low bar squats. I always forget if you want a closer stance or wider stance to hit those."
Great separation on your quads! Super impressive cut
No it's a thoracic cage deformity.  If he wasn't carrying all that muscle it would be very pronounced.
"His back isn’t his strongest spot, and lacks some separation in his legs, obviously, but man, a little more time and this dude is going to be a monster in the division.  I personally like his structure more than laureus.  Classic is going to continue to blow up!"
I'll definitely try! Gonna take some post procedure photos and maybe once a week.
"Easy, super set everything. Curl while squatting, curl while eating, curl while fucking, 10/10, would recommend 4 arms."
"He tried, didn't do well"
Sounds like your roommates full of shit
"I've said this before and got shit on but yeah. There isn't a single sport in the world where you are at your weakest on comp day. For bodybuilders, your strength, speed or stamina makes no difference, and hypothetically if someone could somehow suck out all their fat and make something like synthol move and flex in a way that is visually indistinguishable from legitimate muscle, they could compete with the biggest and best bodybuilders without training at all.

I am of the opinion that bodybuilding is one of the most brutal things you can do to yourself, it requires all-in dedication 24/7 for years, you gotta train right, you gotta eat right, you gotta pin right every single day. But it is absolutely not a sport."
"the world would be a fricking sad place, if parents cared about their children as little as u/gymbull cares about me

i literally send him dozens of dms every day but he maybe responds like once a week, and never even addresses half of my issues

if y'all are asking why this sub is failing, maybe look at y'alls leaders

i'm treated like dirt by him"
I'll be fair and say my training wasn't intelligent aside from the 2nd days having lighter loads but even still I dont see how you can train 6 days a week unless you're at rpe 7-8 on every set
I enjoy chocolate smooth and natural.
"You look great, good luck"
Please post my calf gains to... *address*
"I agree. that’s the risk of good sarcasm - people think you’re serious. “ahhh you’re an idiot” when they don’t understand something that’s satire. 

I wonder if someone was more insecure, if they’d be more likely to be way clearly over the top with their sarcasm"
No it’s not.
"Take a day or two, drop in a refeed or two, and see how you feel. 
I started doing 2 on 1 off, and it did me well. Refeed every other off day for dinner, keeps me right. 💪🏼"
"Sad day yesterday. Today is chest day so I’m gonna kill it. Been listening to “The Browning” on Spotify, songs go fucking stupid, literally caves your chest in."
Thanks! Do you think posing plays a huge role?
You look good. That seems like a lot of clen to me.
He is natural in this picture. This is absolutely possible as a natural. I think people online are convinced that its impossible to look good without PED use.
"Literally zero people successfully run a Back/Biceps/Legs split. Thats like, 70% of your muscles worked in one day. You're either in the gym gor 2+ hours or neglecting legs (or back, but we both know it's legs)."
"This saying only exists because of dumb ass anti-vaxers. Should be a given to trust the science but here we are, where Bobby who graduated high school with a 2.0 and vapes 16 hours a day all of a sudden cares about what goes into his body."
"It's good in a sense that I can take walks in my underwear; I can give small children the middle finger. But as long as I look happy while I'm doing it, people just assume I'm senile.... Well, sometimes I give small children the middle finger and don't realize I'm doing it until someone slaps me, so I really am going senile."
Nice physique bro.
Yeah I sometimes feel that the sub is improving but then most posts are flooded with crap comments and/or mostly meme responses that have stopped being funny 5 years ago.
"???

Can u just be nice"
"Lmao it’s hilarious all the kids in this subreddit go off one picture and throw out steroid accusations like a bunch of know it all’s. Look at his other stage photos he has it’s not that hard to decide if he could be a lifetime natty or not, Jfc. Guys act like people with amazing genetics can’t do this and that kids in puberty don’t develop gyno. Soooo pathetic…"
"yes, sorry, 200 grams per lb of bodyweight and at 100kg you're looking at 220 * 200 so 44,000 grams AKA 44 Kilos of protein per day minimum."
150 and lower the tren
" Fuck addiction, I'm glad he opened up about his problems"
"Is there an advantage to derek's clinic over any other random one, if they're not particularly liberal with the TRT?"
"Attainable? 8% if you have great genetics and every bit of your training, diet, rest, and recovery is on point; and you will lose a good bit of muscle cutting that low. Sustainable as a natty 12-15%

Which, let's be honest most people do bodybuilding to look good. Aesthetic in the pro or even amateur levels of bodybuilding isn't the same as aesthetic in every day life. If you can have decent muscle mass in the 12-15% bodyfat range your body is already more aesthetic than 95% of the population. Truth be told, very few women are in to the mass monsters with vascularity that looks like a roadmap because they are diced to the socks while being 50-100lbs over the weight their frame can naturally carry. Have good size and some abs and you're already a specimen. A personality outside of gymratopia helps. ;)"
No u
Yeah bro everyone on the subreddit for BODYBUILDING is just out here aspiring to look ‘natural’. It amazes me that people THIS stupid actually exist.
Whats your diet like? I'm 6'4 but I always gain weight when I try weight lifting. Im on the heavier side (290lbs). Not in good shape
What you need to do is cut it with some greek yogurt
"You need to write an ebook detailing the hell out of exactly what you did and are currently doing. I'm dead serious.

&amp;#x200B;

Amazing job"
Holy fuck you've grown like crazy!
"My fellow NC bro looking good.  Bring that trophy back down here where it belongs my friend.

PS I don't know where you stand on the most important issue, but I'm rooting for you even if you like the wrong kind of BBQ.  ;)"
No way that guys wiping his own ass
/u/sandycockss sends me the best memes on instagram and I can confirm this is from twitter and reposted on IG
"Arms are huge.  Gonna be killer when you shred down, I'd work on that classic pose too if that's what you're going for. Good posing and you will win the show most likely assuming you're shredded.  Obviously you know this but backside and chest are the key points going forward IMO."
I missed it gimme a recap?
is there any proof he is natural
Arms look thick as hell in that front relaxed
Thanks man! Any durability issues? I always have problems with cheaper pairs getting sweat/rain in one ear and it plugs up when I run.
Hurt me please
What in the fuck lmao
Load times will probably be better with the top tier one
"I love this sub. Thankful that it’s still here in all its glory, you guys and gals are the best. Keep doing you."
"Maybe the fault lies with those shitting in a while division just because they don't like it and prefer a different one? If you don't like it, great, move on. It's all bodybuilding and that's why it's here."
"That sounds dope, happy for you"
They are neat. Kid came home with like 9 ribbons and did her first full speed barrel race so a good day!
His damage is training related
Congrats man. You look great.
"I love doing some partial laterals once I’ve hit failure, so that sounds fun. Definitely gonna give that a go on my next push day, thanks man."
For now. Missing my game on Saturday so may just finish up the season so I can stay sharp for college soccer
"Okay so your issue is more around your sacrum rather the lumbar spine? Regardless, I’d drop the weight and really focus on your form. You could also try to shift to trap bar deadlifts for awhile, that’s what I’ve been doing lately to decrease the stress on my lower back. The trap bar allows me to lift heavy without sacrificing form or worry about throwing my back out. I’m trying to build more strength while maintaining good form before I go back to conventional."
"Agreed Wesley is a tank been following him since like 2013 , he definitely needs it improve on the posing but as far as his size and aesthetics he can definitely sweep competition with a solid stage routine"
Thank you!
You’re better off with the real thing my man.
Don't forget the tube socks to hide the calfs.
Looks like it's the usual 30kcal Italian Salad Pack and chicken breast x5 then
"I’m 6’2”-3”, and lately I kinda wish I was shorter. Like being able to dunk is cool and all, but being 20% more jacked looking would be cooler. Guess we all want what we don’t have."
"That's true, i guess I'm just used to sports that are super strict on cheating, it's weird to see one where the same stuff that would be considered cheating is done by everyone. I'm still very new to all this as you can obviously tell lol"
he's sexy
"I have like 3 blocked and it’s made a huge difference 

- Aaabb whatever his name is
- Pectoral_major
- And whatever “heterosexual” dog account that weirdo made now"
"Any dumbass in this subreddit who believes you dropped 50 lbs for a cut and still look like you’re 12% body fat is a moron. You didn’t get 6th with your 12% bf prep, you fuckboy."
I dont look up to him I like his content but the guy is very delusional when it comes to how he thinks he looks
[This is one of my favorite progress pictures](https://i.imgur.com/yMN4lhU.jpg) for the reason of being less fat but filling out my sleeves even more. Hoping to get there again soon :).
"I had the same issue. Unfortunately it’s just a survival reflex due to a deficit.

Best bet is to get a sleep supplement, precook veg to eat if you have to eat something and to not go anywhere near the kitchen haha… some guys go get their day started no matter the time or distract themselves or do cardio then nap later, whatever works"
"Indeed I agree totally with you, however the root of the problem comes from taking roids in the first place.

I don't knock roids but it is what it is"
"Good ab workouts, 3x per week? Have been in the same cycle given to me by a buddy and am bored of it after a couple months"
You look fantastic!!!
Do whatever split you like that you can do consistently. There are no hard and fast rules and you’ll find jacked and strong people who have used every split under the sun. It’s probably the least important factor out of everything.
Make sure you're well hydrated.
"woah, mirin those big boi dumbbells in the background"
Legs/shoulders sound stupid af
Damn. That's some real mental fortitude that I quite frankly do not want to have.
boy I hope youre right. Broke it off with a great girl who wanted to marry me because I wasnt completely sold. Will update in 3-5 years
"I feel like there was no in-between: you had Arnold, Stallone, Dolph Lundgren, etc, and then you had Michael Keaton playing Batman lol."
"Lookin' pretty good man, but it's tough to give an opinion without knowing what your ultimate goal is.  In general, you look like you're in pretty good shape.  I love the fact that you actually work your legs too (so many people neglect those in the beginning).  If I had to make any suggestions, I would say shoulders, specifically the medial delts, cuz the anteriors look a bit oversized compared to the rest.  Maybe a bit of forearms too."
The problem is you're pulling only with your back and not using your legs at all
A natural banana split is pretty good
Well you're doing better than I am bc I don't even have friends.
"Lol, yep. I get some weird fucking DMs when I post a physique pic on reddit. The creepiest are the ones not immediately up front about it"
Nah he's the one givin it
Hit the nail on the head with that last sentence
"No /s, go buy some tren."
"Lol ya im addicted to fitness subs. I saw good results on 3 exercises for each and 3 sets for each exercise. I often did last set with dropsets and I superset tris/bis sometimes. Make sure you hit all the tricep heads, focus on the contraction, and do reverse curls with an ezcurl bar on one of your days if you arent already"
That's unfortunate. First 5 seasons were bomb though
Told u...1st dick head replied.
"No, no it wouldn't. I'd advise you to go over to r/steroids and read the wiki, man


Why not post some pictures so we can at least see what you're working with? Numbers are all well and good but y'know"
War with us
Alright whoever said Olivia Rodrigo makes pr songs was not exactly correct. If the music isn’t heavy enough to cave my skull in I can’t lift to it.
Probably a good background show yeah?
Activity level plays a huge role too. A lot of small athletes have ridiculous maintenance levels. Endurance athletes regularly have to eat 5-10k per day and you can always cut training volume to downsize if you decide your size is impacting quality of life too much
Yeah but like you had so many more natty gains to make
the female fitness social media/influencer space is even more toxic and filled with bullshit than the male one
"Honestly, i’m learning with you. I knew what mogged meant already...I just put two and two together lmfao"
Idk where you're from but imagine less than a anytime fitness or puregym. Not many machines I'd use
I think a problem with finding those people is that a) they probably lose interest in maintaining or b) die from other natural causes because 70 is pretty old regardless of what you've put your body through.
"Yep, agree, they could give a estimate"
Grindr is a great place to find like minded males that would be willing to be your partner. You do have to worry about the cardio bunnies and fatties (power lifters) trying to waste your time though.
My bad!! I am new in this!!
All good bb. Was kind of probing to see if _you_ have a problem but it sounds like you got yourself sorted (well working on it). All the best x
Best low calorie high protein sushi options? Cant eat meat today so mum asked me to order sushi tonight
Okay boner
what in the fuck is wrong with ur stomach lol
"I'd rather stick to my clean food than feed into temptations, even if the garbage food has protein in it."
Maybe like a cup of rice included. I dont think you're going to eat 3k calories of white rice and egg rolls though lol
Lemme see that two star ass
"Find cardio that's fun man, like badminton. Just got up a couple buddies like ""ay wanna play some badminton bro?"""
Hell yeah brother
Why do i have a feeling you have a specific user in mind when suggesting this? 🤔🤔
"You’re certainly not hurting anything by doing that much volume. You’re practicing movement patterns and working on form. [According to research, high weight low rep is beneficial for strength maximization, but both are comparable for hypertrophy.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25853914/)"
Thanks bro
If I lose some weight and gain a centimeter or so I think it puts me up there. No where near an Iris Kyle though.
I think Arnold was more attractive
Getting there! Thank you!
"I feel you man 100%. Best advice I can give is find someone to talk to. I found that my depression got significantly better once I opened up about it to a couple people (gf, mom, two close friends). Also finding a professional to talk to helps too, but it takes ages just to get an appointment. Being stuck with it alone is the absolute worst"
"You’re the man, thanks for that detailed breakdown! Appreciate you"
"Only people who are afraid of car accidents should wear seatbelts. If you’re afraid of drunk drivers you shouldn’t get a license. People who are scared of sharks shouldn’t go in the ocean.

Your argument is ridiculous. 400,000 people are dead in the US alone. Many, many more will have lasting side effects. In December the CDC stated that 17.2% of deaths were attributed to PIC. But ya know fuck those guys and grandma right?"
/u/rsteroidsthroway water retention any better?
"Honestly I’m completely with you on that. Just trust the safety bars (if you have them) and push it honestly.

Sometimes I’m in the middle of a 5-10RM and after a few reps I think no fucking way can I continue, and sure enough, I hit the required reps.

Squats is just one of the exercises man"
It is. Holy shit. Poor guy.
Safety bars? Power rack?
I had no idea tren eyes was a thing lmao can one of you elaborate on what exactly it is lol
He is quite the whiny little bitch isn't he 😂
"Just to save everyone else the trouble of reading the whole thread, it’s surprising because OP has pretty damn big shoulders for a grown ass man"
What’s up with fitness influencers and Dubai?
"Sure, into one of you starts catching feelings again and is like a whole new break up but without the relationship.

But whatever, get them sick abs and enjoy banging your ex bro."
Dude he’s trolling lol
Anyone have good stabilization workouts correlated with squats?
Outstanding. How are you going to style you hair onstage? Just make sure the hair style doesn't optically throw off proportions.
They definitely take less time given the exercise count and/or sets are the same. He's got some pump days in some programs that the volume bumps up to account for the lighter weights.
No one claims bodybuilding is healthy
"Watch the gyno. If it’s natural, you need to avoid steroids. Will make it worse most likely."
Nice work
"Damn I think I've got too much thigh, 1.68"
"The Arnold classic was sooo good, great definitions really. They just needed to adjust the streaming camera slightly to pick up for lights."
"I think the worst part about being balls deep in prep is that you have 0 sex drive. This sucks, lol."
"What hand wave thing? Like the ""ZZZZZZ!!!!!"" thing that Chris Tucker does in 5th Element?

https://youtu.be/zTokUVBy0oA?t=154"
You look wonderful - all your hard work has paid off. Congratulations!
Would want to compete in fitness
DID GSD JUST TELL A JOKE!?!
"Not exactly stimulating hunger, but if the issue is getting calories in, try splitting the biggest meals in two parts, one savoury and one sweet. Appetite tends to reset when you start eating something that tastes completely different.

Also, choose foods that are quicker to digest."
"stand on empty bathroom floor

stand inside a trash bag

vacuum up mess e fuckin z"
"No you just make up bullshit posts on reddit to make yourself feel validated, like an absolute dildo."
He also SUCKS COCK for a BAG OF PRETZEL STICKS and Mars if you're reading this there's nothing to be ashamed about because pretzel sticks can be delicious.
Thank you
Interesting. Is it a good or bad thing or simply natural?
"I hope I look anywhere near that young when I'm his age, dude's face looks like he's in his mid-40s"
"Ah, if they're adjustable that's good. As long as you can progressively increase the tension over time."
"Wow!! What an awesome physique!
How tall is he?"
"Legs are impressive, overall look very good man"
"Do you like lift?

That's really all that matters."
Thanks it's permanent this time.
"If that's true, then why do some professionals say it isn't helpful to lift until failure? I've seen several YouTube videos that say it's best to leave 1-2 reps in the tank. That sounds like the opposite of a drop set."
Okay but how many days are in a week?
How much of a difference fit body makes. Holy shit. I thought shes in her 20s
"&gt;riding that high

Have fun I believe in you"
Bro I thought I was seeing Serge Nubret. Sick sick physique. Keep going!
Yeah bro part of the reason why I like having cheat meals is because I’m only 18 yk and it won’t affect me as much as when I’m older tho I know I better to have fast foods but I try to woke my eat schedule around iy
Try taking some GH and you’ll be amazed
Special K protein cereal
Thank you!
"Dang those look sweet for MTB/hiking/whatever

Although I wish they would just call them fanny packs and quit playing around

I might see if I have some old shit laying around I can recycle to try and make my own"
"What a physique!
If the back is as good as the front and side you are very close to that pro card!
And so young as well,wow"
I wish I had been there to be fair.
"hate to break it to you man, but creatine is a must. I have around 8 heart attacks a day from taking 1g a day, but im 260 5’4 60% bf and can squat 2 plates so the gains are worth."
I support Arnold.
I’m about to be 17 and you make me look like a bitch 😭 your physique is impressive af man
Gotta show off that tan line 🙂. Honestly though. Looking shredded
thanks man. very encouraging advice
My boy didn't earn the most helpful thread by sitting around on his ass and not helping people become better 😤😤😤
"&gt;First, I understand that I will lose all my gains once I cycle off

No, there would be no point on PEDs if it was that way.

And if you're 40 (well any age really) and want to get into PEDs, just use testosterone. If you're going to ""risk"" your health and hormone production you may as well go with what works and which side effects are perfectly researched so that you're able to mitigate them if they arise. SARMs, at least for now, are stupid in almost any case."
I was one of like 3 guys training legs when I went today so the hack squat was niiiiice and ready for me
"Yes, but with existing vaccines &amp; current available medicines we can prevent many deaths from the flu &amp; the common cold doesn't really cause too many deaths as this one virus did in one year (CoViD has killed 2.9 million, flu kills 500,000 on average. Both numbers are *worldwide*; that's almost 6x as many).

The real problem with the common cold is that they have many strains (over 100) so just like trying to find a key that opens 100+ locks, it's a very hard process. However, the common cold doesn't really leave long term effects like CoViD has in many people, including a cough &amp; susceptibility of complications from minor illnesses like the common cold.

Now I'm not saying you should or should not get the vaccine, I'm merely pointing out that what you said is not completely true. The CoViD vaccine is modified mRNA vaccine, has been around for ten years &amp; has been studied for that amount of time bc it is used as a blue print the flu vaccine, among others."
Congrats! Bad ass.
State that in this country we allow crimes to be judged fairly by the system. And i would also be 100% on board with laws preventing shit like this.
Ronnie Coleman was probably the worst offender and if u see him nowadays it's clear as day the heaping heavy creatine usage is catching up w/ him
he would have been good year 2 of MP
Crazy!
"No one knows shit in college, you figure everything out as you go along. My brother is in civil engineering and he straight up says almost everything he learned in college was useless, you get most of the training you need once you get the job.

Otherwise, maybe talk to a college advisor to talk about your options, whether it’s a change in majors or just strategies to pick your grades up to get through it."
"Very nice, very fantastic body.

Last question, what routine you liked for getting bigger?"
I have never seen lats like Dorian. Holy shit.
Damn now I have ANOTHER goal physique
"Lol, I said you’re fucked cause you asked such a ridiculous question with an impossible objective answer and had zero ability to problem solve something so mundane yourself."
Lookin absolutely sparkle n shined
Killed it 💪💪💪
That's great! Will it be for contest prep or is it off season now?
"absolute freak but best or most muscular lat spread? he seriously doesn’t have a weak pose but curry is probably taking it in open , the vtaper is ungodly."
Ew cuckold joke
Considering Arnold was talking shit on the open competitors all night I'm kinda glad he didn't interview Nick. Probably would've asked him to hit a vaccum. But yes it would've been nice for Nick's family to be able to meet him.
Source? Good luck dumbass:
"Oh perfect, thank you very much. 

Yeah I know to keep a slight bend in the elbows, I meant more like the angle between your side and your upper arm y'know? Like how when you do a lateral raise, that angle starts at 0 and ends at like 90 when your arm is out straight to the side. Thanks again bud this is exactly the sort of thing I was looking for, gunna watch it now."
"Akim always had a crazy fucking back, one of the main reasons I became a fan a few years back. Glad to see he is finally getting the recognition he deserves!"
Creeping death 2. A training program by our Lord and Saviour Jon mountain dog
"You can try to dismiss it all you want, but both groups are great examples of the extreme left and just how deadly they can be. Much deadlier than anything on the right in recent times."
Good luck!
"Well fuck, his videos were great RIP"
What a well deserved win. I’m so glad to see him blow our expectations away.
When the lucky charms come calling Zesphon answers
That's technically cutting right
"I feel like I can easily overpower a kitten.

Now a full grown cat however, that'd be a challenge"
Well good luck! Hope you kill it
All natural actually. Gyno was just bad luck on the draw. Bothered me a lot more when I looked like [this](https://imgur.com/a/nOoRmVi) though
"great work! what was your diet strategy when you first started with him?

I'm starting to work with more obese clients but it's pretty intimidating to transition to this space"
looking beastly my boy good luck! and keep on keepin on!!!!
lol
How to avoid my knees collapsing?
"I wish I thought a girl was mirin whenever I see one looking at me :( also freaking masks don't help, smiles are so key in non verbal communication."
Oh dear god please leave this up…
"Health wise yes, but realistically what person wants to be freaky when their about to settle down with a family that's dumb af"
Try super setting them with incline dB press. You'll feel it then
"Kid is on sarms and lied about it, scroll down for the screenshot."
Fucking dumb .
Thank you! DOnT see a weekly pass unfortunately
glad you found your people. body building communities are the best
Damn I have to enter mine like literally as I’m eating. My memory is really that trash
"Even at those places, I'm pretty sure they know *how* to insult people to still leave a good taste in their mouth.  I went once and I asked a guy where the bathroom was, he looked at me, scoffed, and goes ""Jesus.  All muscle no brains.""  I was ""insulted"" and still felt great.  

Calling a customer chubby in a regular place would be completely unprofessional."
I’m glad someone got it
"Crazy to think she’d step into almost any gym and outclass most if not everyone there, but then again the dru…"
You might get stabbed either way up here so y'know :D
Is this what a stroke looks like?
How much does it hurt your ego to have 0 upvotes on your post?
Kale is the ultimate veggie fuck other veggies
"This is ""oh do you work out?"" levels of evil"
Bulgarians. Too easy? Go slower. Drop sets. Iso holds. You can make them quad or glute focused.
So porn lied to me? I thought clothes were optional.
"I still like the idea of for classic the emphasis being shape/structure, and open just being maximum size/conditioning."
"What are some good ideas for bodybuilder halloween comic costumes? I'm thinking maybe I'll be Batman again, only this time I'm 30 lbs heavier than five years ago."
"Okay, nobody is posting and I’m a fat kid at heart, so I’ll keep dropping food advices.   
  
Potato talk:  
  
Dice em, boil em until they start to get soft, then drain. Put em in a bowl with olive oil and your spices of choice, toss vigorously. Pour onto a cookie sheet and bake for 25min at 425F.   
  
Boiling them first cooks the inside some, so you don’t need them in the oven as long, and it adds water. The result is instead of a dried out potato flake, you have a crispy outside and fluffy inside.   
  
If you’re making mashed potatoes, use Yukon Golds. Quarter them, boil them, drain, add to large bowl. Mash em up, add butter, whole milk, salt, pepper, and some grated cheese. They’re tastier this way, have more calories, and the cheese and milk adds some protein."
"Well you know, always look to future and improve. No point looking back. Always a winner in my book when you turn up and try your hardest."
"“Hey, are you doing okay? You’ve seemed unhappy lately.”"
"I thought that text said KFC.
I was like like what?"
"I totally agree with you. It’s so sad because men don’t want to ever talk about it because of the misconception it’s only a “girl” problem. I don’t care, I try to be humble and am an open book. Jesus changed my life a few years ago and I have no shame in sharing anything of my past or my life."
Yeah the first few episodes were blah. But episodes 4-8 and then season 2 after episode 1 were really good
"You made measurable progress. Who cares how long it took, it means you did something right."
Look good bro.
"LOL dude I go to RC1 also.  Kai is huge , he’s literally the biggest guy at that gym.  You’re very delusional if you don’t think he’s a monster."
It sounds like a crease from skin folds when you are sitting or laying in a position for a long time lol
I’ve only enjoyed ground Turkey when mixed with eggs and buried in hot sauce.
What lmao
gigachad lmao
"Instant pot is great, you can make chicken and rice in 10 minutes, can cook from frozen and easy to clean after. 

I think tyson does precooked frozen chicken breast that is pretty good and you can mix that with microwave rice if you want as well."
Sounds like a lucky guy for the most part
"NGL I was amazed at that Mcgregor v Poirier rematch.  Mcgregor for sure was doing damage and made Poirier look like he was stumbling, but Poirier making him tired from the clinch and those leg kicks were enough to get him off and then my jaw was on the floor seeing Conor get legitimately rocked like that.  For sure wanna see a trilogy, but right now it looks like Michael Chandler should be up next for Dustin."
What the fuck is coq10
"Recently started a cut to get rid of the quarantine fat. For as long as I can remember, I always get terrible headaches on a cut. It gets to a point where I’m popping aspirin to get rid of the pain like House pops Vicodin. I always assumed it was me not eating enough carbs or not getting enough sugar. Turns out, I have a sensitivity to bananas. If I eat them too frequently, I get headaches. Crazy how the body reacts to certain things. Hopefully someone sees this and helps them."
having good quad mmc is so dumb i get a 12/10 pump after just 4 sets of hack squats and feel like i should just cut my workout there
"Posting a link like that is a good way to get banned. There are multiple steroid review boards online, it takes 2 minutes of Googling to find them. That's the best way to find a trusted source."
Idk I saw a dude last night and all I could think about were his pencil calves
"So it's up to me? I feel like Steve just handed me his shield. Hopefully you're able to figure it out bro, I can't imagine how much shit you have to sort through.

Hopefully next time I see em I can walk around or at least sway em. I unfortunately only held em for a bit but he's a real small baby."
The clomid dose seems super low so I'm not terribly worried about it. Usually clinical dosing of clomid is 25 daily or 50 EoD. I take a total of 50 a week.
Lmfao 🤣😅 ice cold
"Nah, fuck that. Big quads are for POWAH! Kings RULE with power in their mega quads lol!

… but fr, I don’t mind massive legs, it’s when the glutes blow up all kardashian that looks funny to me. I stopped focusing on aesthetics a while ago, tho."
"Wrong sub, maybe try r/homegym"
"wow, good job!"
"And some nuts, and some chocolate... This can be turned into a nice dessert haha."
Cool topic
LMAO yes I’m 5’9 at 145 and no shame in it. You on the other hand sound insecure tryna body shame me like a give a fuck. Go outside for once don’t nobody give a one shit what you look like. And Go be homophobic somewhere else and offer some real advice when one asks for it since you apparently you look like fucking Chris bumstead.
I like awkward
"I have a love hate relationship with leg day, and a hate hate relationship with arm day."
"I lower the weight more often than I raise it, honestly. A lot of my weights like hammer curls are lower than they were when I started lifting since I put so much effort into MMC.

Disclaimer I’m not swole just answering the question"
Gee I was eating dude wtf
It’s legitimately hard to see where his bicep ends and forearm starts sometimes; such crazy insertions man.
That sounds awesome
"What's more important? Lifting a weight with proper form from A to B or lifting with a lesser weight with proper form but really feeling a squeeze.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm currently faced with this and I'm not sure what to do. When I do a weight of 10 reps on the dumbell press I do it with proper form but I can't really feel the contraction unless I lower the weight. Does this even matter?"
"The trick is to just be a terrible husband. My wife was like ""I don't care just fucking leave I won't contest anything just take what you want and go!"" and then BOOM, free stuff!"
There are healthier forms of torture
Looking good brah
Best comment ever.
The fact that he was natural in that pic (I'm inclined to believe him) makes me hate myself so much
"To the scrawny short fuck doing his shitty lat raises while I'm pressing heavy ass dumbells, fuck you"
"Pushing your rest times and hitting more low weight AMRAPs works really well too. 

Also the sled is great/shitty"
"&gt;It’s comfy as hell and in the off-season it’s just OP, let them obsess over what you look like under the layers haha.
  


Only works for non-sweaty guys tho haha!

And yeah man, international orders suck. At least you UK guys seem to have more cool stuff compared to the rest of Europe."
"High blood pressure is one of the more common Covid comorbidities. It's entirely possible that he may have health related problems as a result of gear usage that may have precipitated his death from Covid. Ofc, nobody from his family would ever admit that, so we will never know."
It doesn't you 16 year old lmao
Stretch &amp; properly warm up first to avoid pain. Do some band presses til your shoulder doesn't feel stiff anymore.
"&gt;do’t

They sure do’t"
Spose you're right after all brah haha I'll stick with my relatively low cholesterol. An interesting topic none the less though.
you weren’t kidding when you said they really cracked down on curling in the squat rack
"Yep, you can actually see his hamstrings from the front. Truly a mutant"
"I only do it on brutal shit like split squats/ rev lunges, meadows rows, etc but if something is hitting you that hard def try to catch some air and alternate which side you start with"
"I started my day with 242 per hand farmers walks in a mask today, people are whiny bitches."
"Hey, next time just tag me ok??"
Thank you!! 🙏
"eBay is pretty good if you have something decent. Nobody wants my collection of vintage Ralph Lauren though. You know, from before I got big."
cause it tastes worse w/ cold water
May I also have some money please :)
"Completely agree, you look great man, it's a very good moment to transition to a lean bulk. Nice lifts too!"
Have you ever had fresh mango and rice?
"No, but mentally ill people will disregard risk due to their frontal lobe being hijacked by body dysmorphia and substance abuse disorder."
Yeah I've had enough of that shit bro ngl
"Nice! 

Where's the rear glute spread?"
"Yes dog image help me not :(

Dog image make me :)"
"Riiight because your friend is totally incapable of posting his own thread on reddit? Or wait, better yet your friend doesn’t have wifi and a phone so you had to do it for him? Gtfo bruh, you’ve burned your bridges on this subreddit, people have a good memory for dickhead fake natties."
Thanks !
I've definitely gained some size in my legs this bulk which is lovely. I haven't been force feeding but I'm already feeling ready for the spring time cut. Muscles feel bigger but so so does my stomach.
We’re out here doing rows like some dumbbells and this dude’s out there fucking chicks in the astral plane.
"You look great dude! You're legs are too good to not go for classic! 

whats your diet and cycle look like on the cut?"
"I wonder what it feels like to move around with that much muscle tissue on your body, fuuuuckk"
"Coat those bitches in hot sauce, tabasco, siracha, cholula all widely available and great.  Will make your food taste good and clear your sinuses."
At least he cares more than dad did so I'll take it
"I agree.  On an individual basis, I would never tell someone that a program is going to be too much for them.  But on a larger sample size, I'm going to look for a program that gets the best results while keeping the largest number of people healthy (or the best ratio of that I can find).  

NSuns has a bit of mythic status around reddit and I see it suggested to a lot of beginners and intermediates.  I don't have stats or anything, so maybe I'm wrong, but it sure *seems* like a lot of the people who try it get hurt.  The risk/benefit ratio seems pretty off to me.  If an individual looks at it and wants the challenge, go for it.  But I wouldn't recommend it to someone that doesn't know their own body very well."
Alright well I appreciate what feed back you’ve given
No worries! Thank you
wow 🤤😈
"No lol
The pump is a lot better (and painful) on steroids due to more glycogen being shoved into muscles 

But Arnold was just built different. I’ve never once nutted doing bicep curls"
pump and focus. I like to try have the caffeine via coffee.
"Yeah in Melbourne

We've been COVID free (basically) since Late November iirc, so life has been pretty much normal since then. Now we've had heaps of cases all over the city. Big Sad"
"Hey guys! In the middle of my first ever cut after super successful bulking period that saw strength and mass really boom.

I am looking for recommendations on programs you like to run during a cut? I'm coming off the Rippler and while I enjoyed parts of it I'm not sure it fits with how I train best! Anyone have some recommendations?"
"Getting called a steroid user is the best fucking complement any natural person can get.  
So if so many people are accusing you of steroid use - believe me, it means you're incredibly awesome in your physique.  


If you're natty then you seem to have insanely gifted genetics and must've put in a lot of hard work. congratulations!   


If you do decide to go on gear, and continue your hard work, I'm confident with your genetics you can reach olympia in the future. all the best! :)"
Just a liquid like vinegar can keep the veggies together as well as Mayo does?
That’s fucked up
Now watch Calum's movie and pls give us a full write up comparing the 2.
"Thanks for your reply, how should I cycle it  ? Does this include fat burning pills ?"
"your worse then flat your practically 2d at this point 

lol im kidding if you can’t tell cuz if you call that flat I must be inverted"
"Think I've finally found the perfect middle ground comb for my beard trimmer (it's a clippers style that uses combs for length). No longer will I have to choose between scraggly, patchy improper beard or looking like a prepubescent girl! Hopefully this is that middle ground that makes what I have look better and what I don't have look more like a stylistic choice. We'll find out tomorrow boys and I'm excited."
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Nah this is golden lmao
"its also good cuz youll know your current stage weight and then you can compare how much youve improved in a years time, letting you know if your doing something right or wrong. and i also think bbers in the uk are just a different breed man, yall are crazy out there. tons of hard working mfers. 

credit where credit is due my dude, your actually making progress which is kinda rare in these parts. keep grindin"
well nice tan hehe
"Yep! I’ve been powerlifting something like 6 years now, started at 16, one caveat though is I switched over to using wraps right about the start of covid, take from that what you will. Stats at my bulk phase we’re peaked, current stats are just gym lifts unpeaked."
Im hard
yogurt ranch is good and walden farms has a 0 calorie if youre ok with cancer and internal bleeding
A club is probably not the place to ask. Idk that sounds weird as hell I think most people would be happy to talk about it with you ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
"It's amazing how crazy shit is. The one MSNBC reporter that said she needed to reprogram herself to not see people who are mask less as the enemy. 

Gotta love it."
Y'all ready to see the mutant go 3 for 3?
This is why I’m always questioning products marketed to the gym and health crowd
Scheduling an appointment with my doc! Thank you!
Fucking lol
"You're an idiot. There's a world of difference between lifting correctly and incorrectly. People who break records are not just stronger than regular people, but are also more technically skilled."
"Hell yeah, glad you're back."
"Some of the lighter bands are good for shoulders, arms, pull aparts etc.  Good value and easy to store."
"Honestly, who gives a shit. Don’t give him attention because that’s what he craves and wants. Instead of highlighting this shit just be happy that we all have gotten to experience John and his amazing personality."
"Definitely come back, they got new equipment and the Pelham branch is crazy"
Don’t worry. That’s why they all just take drugs.
"IMO one of the best posers of all time, Shawn Ray at the 1999 olympia is one of the best posing routines ever done https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acolks9sijg"
Fantastic classic physique proportions.  Bravo.
Like 🥚s
Really? They are super common among pro bbers today
"Abs recover quickly, it's the legs that leave you crippled for days"
"No body builder is gonna say ""gross"" to any other body builder. We enjoy built bodies. Looking good. What division?"
Fuck that. Do you at least get a night differential?
What’s your guys favorite tricep work outs for mass
Easier said than done!
Fuck yeah mate go hard
"He has probably one of the best posing coaches in the game and he’s 12 weeks out, he’ll be fine. I’ve never heard someone that actually knows wtf they’re doing say the term “pose coaching”."
Thank you! Funny username 😁
Joff pls go
"Thank you. 100%. And for real, it’s all genetic based. I have good genetics for putting on size, I just did it the correct way, and ate the correct way. I trained with weight for sports throughout highschool, but never bodybuilding specific nor was it serious. So I for the last two years have been training bodybuilding specific, and eating correctly, lifting, sleeping, supplements (over the counter), etc."
No such thing as natural bodybuilding it doesn’t exist
This is goals. What does your diet look like as far caloric intake and current weight?
Great win for him. But Amanda is extremely unprofessional in her commentating. Her comments on both Nick and Iain’s physique/placings is mind boggling. I hope she’s never asked to commentate again.
"Don’t fuck the townies, kids. No matter how horny or desperate you get. They’re the most fertile women on the planet.

Write that down."
That’s badass. I’d love to wrench on a spacecraft.
Lmao acting like this man has a haram after rebuilding the mamluk empire or something. Dawg just won a bodybuilding show (not downplaying the Olympia but he doesn’t have “power” as pertains to the original comment)
Lifting for you today bro mad physique !
"I know that if you want a gain 1lb a week you need a 500 kcal surplus per day, is that also the case if someone who was very big before but lost most of the muscles due to being sick/injured then starts to workout again or will that person be able to gain in the beginning more than 1lb per week on a 500kcal surplus?"
"Honestly bro, you’d be surprised how much progress you can make from little amounts. Always operate under the condition of ‘only increasing dosages when nothing else is working’."
Oh ok
"Problem IMO is that there's still too little knowledge about the potential side effects, and probably not too much willingness to find about them and even less making them known.

A couple of days ago I found that it also seems to have caused issues in people with thyroid problems, now some seem to need higher doses of drugs to get them to the same levels as before. Which, the effect isn't anything severe, but as with women having period alterations, why on earth are hormonal systems altered?

I'm still glad we got the vaccines, but all this mainstream thinking that they are completely safe, and anyone being remotely skeptical being cataloged as an anti vax drives me nuts, I think there's plenty of arguments for some people not to want them. Personally, more than 2 months later, I still don't feel at a 100%, that's no joke in a 27yo guy."
Yeah but that OG tiktok deserves to be clowned though
Yeah I realized with a deep squeeze my hip and shoulder would rotate into each other a little
My exact words were: Gat damn. That's insane.
had a PCP who tried to say that whey is bad. the intelligence bar for a medical degree isn’t as high as people think
"I am so, so sorry."
I hate Instagram and Facebook. Haven't used them in ages.
Well honestly I’m that fat I’d say probably around 20-22% bf
"Something I’ve been enjoying lately is egg fried [hashweh](https://thelemonbowl.com/lebanese-hushwee-ground-beef-pine-nuts/#recipe)

That’s not the recipe I use but just linked it for those curious what it is. Anyway I have that pre made and frozen in 1cup portions, I defrost it then fry it up in a pan and crack 2-4 eggs in it and make egg fried hashweh. My version is basically just plain rice with lean ground beef and eggs."
Death by Snoo Snoo it is.
"Yeah, which is fitness lol"
I can’t dance and I can’t play the harmonica lmao
Did you squeeze the fuck out of the bar on squats? When I'm doing high bar I tense up my upper body a shit ton to make my shelf more stable and I get pumps like that sometimes.
For a small woman she’s fine there. Most of my smaller girls are around 40f
You only been lifting for 4 weeks?? Amazing progress!
Perpetually stuck between my stomach and pecs being fat and my arms being small
Fuck yeah
his older stuff of discussing best bodybuilding parts was pretty entertaining
"Must kinda suck to be Goro, though. He has to do twice the arm exercises, on the other hand, he can jack off, shake his proteinshake and bench at the same time."
This is likely the best route
"Didn't even get top 3 best smile? Sorry brah, never gonna make it"
"Oh for sure! I just find women are more likely to have the quad jiggle and most (at least in my area) have underdeveloped quads in comparison, so seeing them evened out a bit more just looks fantastic."
So I was finally convinced to go to a chiropractor and boy did I hate it. My neck and back still feel weird and it’s been hours
Yeah... take a little pride in your people
I find it funny when people get so wound up about the opinions of people who make money from their bodies.
Most of them genuinely look like they barely survived the holocaust. Minimal muscle mass (I see most people with more at the 2 year mark) and absolutely no aesthetics. And quite a few of them are not even that lean
They were literally like a foot away from him initially... You clearly don't know the context. You probably just saw that little video and thought that was it. You wouldn't be pissed if you were doing squats and some cunt was breathing down your neck and practically laughing in your ears? Not to mention they were disrupting a shoot the gym owner was literally paying for
"nah, just kept up with water intake"
"Yes, and yes for your questions 

My doctor tells me not to worry about it because it’s common in people who lift regularly.

Don’t overreact man"
Laying on my back with my feet straight up in the air
Baby powder is a lifesaver
I lost ten but gained back twenty lmao
"Like i said the issue is a high red blood cell count. So should people from Colorado with the high altitude (which causes higher red blood cell count) not be able to donate ? We all work in places that have silly rules and stupid little red tape issues. In my mind this was along those lines. They also have several checks and samples to ensure the donation is good and to spec. If it wasn’t good to use they wouldn’t use it. 

So I dropped a comment to have a conversation about it. I’m not in the habit of deceiving medical personnel for personal gain. And as I mentioned below I’ll notify them at my next visit.  

But thank you anyways for your thoughtful contribution to the conversation DICK-FUCK-PUSSY-SUCK"
Damn bro U look fuckin sick!! Great !!!
"Stupid question but if you wanted to change society to make almost everyone a jacked lifter, how would you go about it?"
Wtf are you saying
"It’ll never *not* be subjective. I just wish the judging criteria wasn’t so opaque, it’d be better for everyone - fans, competitors, and the IFBB - if the standards were well defined and available to the public."
-4 feels like temp in wisco at 2pm:/
Yes this matters. Are you tracking your calories?
"I meant a division at the grand stages of Olympia, Arnold Classics, etc."
Some Travis Fimmel insanity vibes
"Just waffle a bit. Like change can't to not able, and shit like that to up the word count without actually saying anything. And can be come shit like ""and therefore"" ""must also consider"" ""together with"" for example."
Nice quads good work
Just looked it up. 54% :(
"This is Myles Garrett, a Defensive End (DE) for the Cleveland Browns. He famously hit another player with [his helmet](https://youtu.be/Vjf1Jovmu9M)."
This is disgusting
"Yeah my bad, even more shows to talk about"
Note to self: stop comparing your leanness to people in contest prep.
How sad is it that it took me 20 seconds to realise you are talking about Curry and not Hendrickson 🤡
My only regret is not liquidating my 401k and putting it all in gme 2 weeks ago
"It was such an unfortunate freak accident, during a FLEX photoshoot no less. It wasn't even a weight that JPF wasn't able to handle either."
"Disagree. Bad posture is going to be a pain in the ass (or back, rather) when you’re older. Developing habits while you’re young with no pain is crucial for longevity, imo."
Why aren’t you banned yet
He was such a genuine dude. Ugh.
"Typically, a big ass burger/sandwich, fries, and a dessert will do. My normal diet is low fat so getting that much fat/added sugar in one meal is lights out for me"
The serving size of peanut butter is depressing.
Fuck it feels like it lmao I’m just trying to be a SickCunt 😈 bigger by the day god dammit!
"You could argue dorian 91, flex in 93, but yeah, levrone is something special! Booom"
Next Mr. Good Boy
Good evening
yes
"i mean obviously lol, but was talking about the nsp contest"
Leanness = beauty. Good job
side raise champ
Only problem is I trip after the rope after like 100 skips no matter how much I practice I just can't get it down and its too frustrating
"Well I'm always happy to help with that! If you want me to keep burning up some of your work time just say the word (although I might need to sleep soon). 

Drive through alcohol?! When I heard about the drunk people not being allowed more drinks I thought Australia might not be that great, but that sounds like a strange heaven lol. I mean if you can walk or talk properly at the end of a night then it's not the end of the night, but whatever I can get past that bit. The grocery store nearest to me used to be 24 hour but it's a small collection of English towns and villages so they weren't getting enough business in the later hours to justify it :( although that made it surprisingly good for buying weed so you win some you lose some. If you ever want to feel like Australia doesn't have a drinking problem though, go to Ireland or Scotland... Those lads go *hard* on a night out lol, I think Trevor Noah did a bit on drinking with Scottish guys that is pretty accurate."
High top shoes make my shins look shorter and thus my calves look bigger. Its all strategic.
"He definitely wouldn't be close to the biggest .  He's like 5'2"" and 135lbs in his stage shots. He only is taller then his kids in his instagram, and the girl in the pic looks like she is taller and heavier then her dad in like a year."
Yeah the legs are holding him back and he needs to be sharper and then it's game over.
Good podcasts related to training/diet/gear?
Smaller legs than Phil Heath? Yeah you skip legs breh.
lean bulk up and then cut down is probably the best bet.
Good luck Patrick! You're a beast man
That's cool. I didn't know about the existence of these visas.
If Steve Buscemi got jacked. Looking good mate
"Lmao, rest up and be careful!"
"god didn’t bless me with big calves, but he sure did bless me with a big fat fucking ass. It makes my leg proportions look extra off as there is just a lump of ass sticking out, which also makes my hamstrings and calves look twice as small 😔"
"Hope you can be realistic about it and not take these comments personally. I wouldn’t notice you had gyno in person and I didn’t think about it looking at the photo until people pointed it out. Gyno is very common, your case is mild, and your physique is fantastic. You look really good."
"Now that I think about it, the pain is similar to a cramp, it comes on so quickly and is gone again in 5 minutes.

So it sounds like a bracing issue? I'm probably slacking during the rep and then trying to reengage my legs last second."
"Clearly you've never seen a 12 year old on crack, their grace and elegance is astounding."
"Lol I can post my scale my dude, I wish I looked like him right now trust me"
Let’s not forget Rich’s PMMA usage as well.
Theyre fun and i come from a lax/soccer/track background so i could squat 5 plates before i could bench 2
"I've only recently started caring enough about my actual health enough to start counting calories, and I'm unreasonably proud of stopping myself from eating an entire mini bundt cake lol."
I think you mean you would be the most lucky mf if it didn't shut you down. Sarms suppress you HPA just like real AAS do
"Your posing is awful my man. Don't piss away all your potential hard work, get a posing coach."
Read 6’1” 165lbs and was positively surprised by the pic.
unless he's SUPER hot
Thanks man!
The worst part about not getting a lot of sleep is being ravenously hungry the entire next day
"That's sweet! I got into plants a year or so ago, they add so much atmosphere. Coming back to my apartment now feels like home. Plus it's SO cool to watch them grow you know? When I bought my peace lily the pot was as big as my two palms together. Now I can squat with it lol, 20kg easy. 

&gt;I'm starting to get really into plants, but only the ones that need minimal care. Not tryna have plants that die if I leave for a week or two.

&gt; Any plant people have any recs for ones that like the indoors and are very easy to care for?

My personal recommendation is a Yucca or a peace Lilly. Buy them small then watch them grow and grow and grow. You only water them once a week or so. A buddy of mine left his Yucca for a month while on vacation and it was pretty much fine when he came back.

I'm at work now, otherwise I would love to upload some pics of my own plants. Here's what the two look like though [Yucca](https://www.google.com/search?q=Yucca&amp;safe=active&amp;rlz=1C1GCEU_enBG931BG931&amp;sxsrf=ALeKk03uVPd7BwFeLN9q8ruWihrK1KwMZg:1609830713745&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwjrh93enoTuAhVPzaQKHSAXAn0Q_AUoAXoECBAQAw&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=937), [Peace lily](https://www.google.com/search?q=peace+lily&amp;tbm=isch&amp;ved=2ahUKEwiO_ozgnoTuAhWJ_KQKHYOSAR4Q2-cCegQIABAA&amp;oq=peace+l&amp;gs_lcp=CgNpbWcQARgAMgIIADICCAAyAggAMgIIADICCAAyAggAMgIIADICCAAyAggAMgIIADoECAAQQ1DGwxFYk8sRYKTQEWgAcAB4AIABXogB-ASSAQE3mAEAoAEBqgELZ3dzLXdpei1pbWfAAQE&amp;sclient=img&amp;ei=PBH0X47wJYn5kwWDpYbwAQ&amp;bih=937&amp;biw=1920&amp;rlz=1C1GCEU_enBG931BG931&amp;safe=active)"
Definitely making some awesome progress! Keep up the great work man!
"ooh never heard of them, that's a good idea, thanks"
Think of how much time you waste just in this subreddit
You sure you 19 chief? 🤔
Yeah and Lmao literally though it is really disappointing w the lighting.
"Honestly ever since I’ve started TRT, I really just don’t want anyone to ever give me a shot again. I’d prefer to do it myself. I hate pinning, but I’d rather do it than someone else. 

I’ll never forget the flu shot I got in 8th grade. The lady literally stabbed me with the needle it was ridiculous. Like; you don’t need that much force"
"Does anyone know how I can install amazon prime on an old lg smart tv? I was thinking on updating the software but can’t find that either. Since it’s old, the App Store only has pre determined apps and no search bar"
" **Is this progress photo real in just 6 weeks?**   
[https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/gymbeforeafters/pizap.com13618821845088.jpg](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/gymbeforeafters/pizap.com13618821845088.jpg)

Seems super wide in the second photo compared to the first. really 6 weeks?"
"Ok, I'll think about it.  Does he have chocolate?"
"Damn, this is content right here."
She's clearly a Monster fan and wanted you to get one instead
Better MMC for DB for me
"i am also curious to hear if this is a myth or not, i remember mpmd recommend drinking a carton of liquid egg whites to add in more protein to your diet easily."
The camera adds like 10 to 15 lbs. In real life he looks 210 soaking wet.
"Idk why ur getting downvoted, motherfuckers here forget that the bodybuilders we see dedicate their entire lives to looking how they do, it's not achievable for people with normal responsibilities"
"She's an absolute icon. But ok! I'll get to work! Maybe in a couple months I'll post a progress pic and get a lot of angry, confused, slightly horny, replies lol"
"Lol, I wonder how many bar fights will occur when bars open here. A lot of dudes have been sitting at home for year, it'll be interesting to see how they react when the night is nearly over and they're pissed they didn't get any pussy."
Thanks man! It was this morning so it went really well till my last triceps exercise. Got an invite for a job interview and my focus was totally gone afterwards due to excitement.
happy birthday /u/INTHEMIDSTOFLIONS
Asians 🔥 damn now I miss my girl
"Wait, you think it's bad advice to tell new lifters not to write their own program?"
Got any advice on how to improve my curl rack cheat curls tho? I already have my skinny friends pulling up on either side of the bar
"God I fucking hope not. Why do i get so much tendonitis as a young man. forearms, shins, now possibly biceps??

I feel like it could’ve been from shoulder press variation i was doing that really stretched them out, but idk.

is it normal that it doesn’t travel down the arm anywhere else? and it’s not as painful as i really said it was, just a very strong lactic acid build up feeling. it’s also equal in both"
Thanks brother
"&gt; along with the confidence I’ve gained throughout 2021

Pls elaborate and share you secrets."
Good luck my dude!
Manifest is good
I need to go get a massage session lol. Haven’t done one at all
"no need to look too deep into it. any reason or excuse to ending things is just that, they don't want to be in a relationship anymore. that's all you need to know. forget about her and move on."
"I'm at a desk for a good portion of the day, I work somewhere between 9a-6p and 9a-8p, 6 days a week, no exceptions. 

How's your stress throughout the day?

Are you getting enough sleep at night?

What about your diet.. are you getting adequate carbs and protein throughout the work day?

Have you tried taking a deload week to focus on form?"
What was the recovery like?  Great physique btw bro
"Hahaha I can explain! They’re references from fouad abiad’s podcasts. Guy cisternino would always butcher Iain’s name, so the joke became “just say E-in”. Guy was saying like “ain” all the time. James hollingshead coined the term “Caucasian dry” when comparing white bbs to black bbs."
I took a two week tolerance break from caffeine and it barely did anything I drank a large McDonald’s coffee and a monster barely felt shit tf do I?
"If youre ever having a bad day, just remember at least you havent made 10+ unfunny troll dog accounts. 

Anywho, today is leg day so Im ready to smash some mountaindog leg curls and tempo leg press!"
"Bruh, wrong sub… no one here is picking between those two extremes…"
What’s the steepest deficit you guys would go?
5 minutes?! Mike is that you dirty lil rack hogger!
"What the fuckkk, insane proportions bro. Gnarly shit"
Probably shitty wording on my part. It's her family's tradition on first day of Chinese New Year. She wants me to do it this year with them. I'll probably do it once and never do it again.
"Your nips look spicy! Are those scares from gyno removal?

Are you competing against the natty guys?"
"Isn't the situation in the USA way better now, or is it still very state dependant?"
"Pretty sure he was 231 last year on stage, but thats just from memory"
welcome back! I've only heard negative things about kratom + getting addicted to it. Glad you're replacing it. You got this
Good bot.
Yeah hammer grip hard
No
Might be more comfortable? Try it out!
Thank you
Its a hard thing getting back to dating. I hope you were nice to her
"It's on sci hub. Honestly I don't see how this tells us much. The study duration and sample size are tiny, it's one study, and it appears created to prove something, which it can't.

Also I'm pretty sure estrogen is not orally bioavailable, so if there are hormonal changes going on within hours, it's probably the nutrient content rather than some tiny trace amount of hormones.

The milk used said 3.5% fat, btw. I guess that's whole?

Anyway, wouldn't read too far into this at all, if you're using it as a tool to decide whether or not to include milk in your diet, I wouldn't. Include it if you like it and it fits your meal plan, so long as it digests well and doesn't cause issues."
"Lol, my fingers are worse trust me. XD"
Seriously impressive!
"Why downvote ? 

Please feedback to improve myself."
Grindr. I'm being partially serious here. Gay dudes have a lot of gymbros in their groups.
the long con meme ruined over a know it all twink. Smh.
"Made a super dumb mistake last week... I grabbed the bar for my max weight bench press too wide (lined my left hand up with the outer most line on the bar instead of the inner) and now my right pec and anterior deltoid are a bit strained. They don’t actively hurt, but when I go through every day motions that involve their use I can feel slight discomfort. Anyone have any advice on how I should go about recovery so I can heal as fast as possible? I would hate to lose gains over such a stupid mistake lol."
"They can’t or they get suspended, fined or banned"
Nice bulk!
He’s like if your stereotypical redditor got swole. Not taking anything away from his physique or work ethic but seems exhausting to interact with.
Will icy hot help with serious “holy shit I can’t walk” level calf DOMS?
Insane
"I really appreciate the feedback, thanks man. 

I agree, my lats and my back in general need to improve. I have a hard time engaging my lats correctly, but I plan on really focusing on developing them properly in the off season."
Definitely should not have ran for the first time in months the day before leg day. This is going to be painful
"Checking form is a huge thing. I still see things I’m doing wrong, or at least not optimally, after a long time doing this."
...but do you have an ass?
No but if you get feedback that it interferes with seeing your leg lines or something then most tanning companies offer tattoo cover.
Wheels look awesome
Lmfao
"Pretty normal for some people to have high cholesterol. I wouldn't worry, jut adjust your diet for low-cholesterol foods, lots of fibre etc. Nothing a normal amount of cardio and diet with lots of fibre can't fix (or lipitor if hypercholesterolaemic). Honestly its not a huge worry."
“Yikes” says the loser redditor with no originality
Go suck him off lol
This guy is 20 ??? Damn 30 is gonna be rough on you
"Yes, go to barbells. I prefer the barbells over the other bars. No, the bar experience is stupid because you overpay for the same alcohol you could buy at the store and you end up in a dangerous place with stupid people who may want to fight you for having a muscle that's bigger than their head."
Nicks are inserted much lower than justins
That's what happens when you suck a lot of dick
"After the havoc of getting covid and not being the gym for a month, I'm looking to compete in my first show (true novice physique) at the beginning of July. Let the cutting begin."
all the best champ
"&gt; They definitely are undersized

I mean, are they?"
Oh I thought he was on creatine
"Mine was sore if I laid on it, but I’m totally fine two days out. I did chest and shoulders earlier with no problem."
Haha that makes sense
It sounds easier if you use 1 week instead of 24 hours
"He looks great, but I honestly don't see the comparison to Levrone as meaningful."
That would be so cool Omg
Looks good man. :)
"HGH doesn't do anything really. It's like spending $500/month on better engine coolant for your car. Are you a formula one driver? No. So will you notice any difference at all? Not really.

And the problem is you don't own an F1 car, you own a ford focus. So is it really wise to spend so much on coolant when you could be spending it on a better car.

It's the same with primo and all the other meme compounds. Obviously primo actually does stuff more noticeable stuff than HGH does because it is a steroid but ultimately you're spending a lot on something very niche.

If you want to spend all your money buy a bunch of MENT and go wild. That will actually blow you up."
"This is the dumbest comment I’ve ever read on this sub. 

Please delete this bc you’re gonna have some teen on here thinking he can double up his Weekly sustanon injections and he’ll look like Phil Heath.

Very few people on this sub are on GH and/or Insulin.

Just stop."
Agree with calves and also suggest lats
"Oh that’s a stair stepper? Shit, I always used it as an assisted dip cardio machine. No wonder my friends gave me weird looks when I described my favorite cardio machine."
"Cardio and being active will certainly reduce cellulite. Anyone who disagrees can happily keep their cellulites and not do cardio. I don’t care. Also people get this dumb idea that you only need to lift weights and eat right. Like cardio can only harm your joints and that’s it. Well if you’re into science at all, research the necessity of cardio."
No this is Patrick
"Knees and elbow sleeves are a Godsend, I literally used to have achy joints from pushing heavier weight (especially on a cut), but I used sleeves the last two to three workouts and my joints are feeling great, no soreness or aches~ 

Get your protective gear bbs, longevity and health is important af"
And you got the best advice you ever could
Is cereal fine for bulking? The cereal I have right now is 1g of sugar per cup but I need the carbs and calories in it but still not sure if I should eat it.
"Got Pfizer, first one didn’t hurt at all, less than a regular flu shot. Haven’t gotten second but my brother said same about his first and felt kinda bad after the second so guess it just depends"
"My brother has crashed too hard before (cut too hard) and he really believes his metabolism took a hit. It's only anecdotal, so it's only a heads up. He's 38, so pretty experienced and knowledgable on the subject, but it's just his experience"
Just looks like a funky angle to me
"Take 3-5g of creatine if you want. It’s not magic so don’t expect crazy results. You’ll probably gain 1.5kg of water weight and might improve strength a bit. 

Why do you want to take supplements exactly? To gain weight? Strength? Muscle?"
"Mine definitely aren't my strongest body part, but I think for me it's a better call to save my cns for my back/chest days since my torso needs the most improvement"
Words of wisdom
"Lol Yea i don't see any critical comments here glad you stayed this, i have more advice for him like legs need major major work like 12 months off and leg bulk. But yes i agree with you."
Wow! Great work u/omfgjanne !!
No diuretics or insulin seized....
Thanks for your reply! Good luck with your show!
"No they literally had no barbells, i didn't think it'd be that bad but it was"
That's good because my veins are shot from all the black tar heroin
Strongmen are generally just fat guys that can lift heavy weight. I’d never trade looking like a bodybuilder to look like a “strongman”
"Ur crazy. Chris will dominate any year he competes for at least the next 5-7 years (at least, unless he gets bored), and for a good reason…"
Yes I would max out at 197 pounds with my height.
"Exactly right. Test was considered a dirty drug and the whole point of anabolic steroids was to increase anabolic effect while reducing the androgenic side effects. Bodybuilders experimented with test in the forties and fifties but experienced side effects. Dbol was a major advancement. This “test as base” stuff didn’t come about until the 80’s or 90’s. Stacking also wasn’t a big thing in the 60’s/70’s. Dbol, deca, primo injections or tabs were the big ones - at least in the late 60’s, 70’s."
"Does that surprise you with all the meat intake, weight fluctuations, water intake fluctuation, sodium fluctuations, uhm... Drugs? I haven't heard of the dude before but I assume he lived an amazing and full live with all those achievements. Not a lot of 48 years olds can say that."
"Ronnie is literally the best bodybuilder ever and people are trying to say he couldn’t be natty here because they don’t look like this. Stop trying to compare yourself to Ronnie, it’s impossible. Even comparing other pros to Ronnie is useless."
Could improve presentation
Bro did you already ask this lol. Just learn to use some sauce or eat something else lol.
I can respect that response
Studying renewable energy in grad school.
"EXACTLY. This sport is corrupt as hell. People act like Cbum actually deserves the Classic Mr. O title. Dude has nearly 3 Million followers on IG, 700k subscribers, AND he's sponsored by GymShark."
Damn that’s quite a pelt.
oh ok
"Hi thank you, but the lady in red rightfully won(also took masters I believe ) and ultimately got into the pose off with the open C winner for the pro card.  In person, My lack of conditioning was obvious compared to the others"
Some people are literally just cunts
More chance of competing than me 💪
"You, my good sir, have no idea of what you're talking about."
"Good call.

I'm stuck here bc it's so expensive to live here I can't afford to leave."
Gains over hoes!
"Definitely up there for most aesthetic open bodybuilder these days. The top 3 here are 3 of the most aesthetic guys in open right now, really nice to see. And Samson is a great poser too which is a nice change of pace from the ""routines"" most open guys do these days."
"""Damn your ex really is good at pushing people away"""
Has anyone seen a significant difference in recovery from using an intra-workout product? Usually I think supplements are cap but JM is a big supporter of using this one
Literally every guy who plays high school sports at a competitive level does the same thing.  Goals vary widely from person to person.  Shouldn’t judge him for pursuing his dreams.
It's a Seth quote. And it's very true for alot of guys 100%.  Get it buddy.
Thank you! I need to brush up on my Russian history it’s pretty fascinating honestly.
Yes
Definitely on the list. Dying to see Olympic National Park
Looking like a stingray.
"Yeah, Arnold, Phil, Ronnie, Dorian all got gifted at least one. Lee might be the only long-running Mr. O's that actually dominated that hard. It's funny because they never gifted Jay one lmao, he wouldn't have been a 7x Mr. O if he'd been gifted as hard as Ronnie or Phil did."
"Yeah the only reason I'm not starting it now is because i have a vacation planned in two weeks so just gonna start after

Also yeah my first cycle is gonna be 250 test/week and I'm going to eat to gain over 30 lbs over 16 weeks"
Brad Pitt from fight club
Thank you!
"His legs are absolutely insane, I would love to see if he ever manages to nail down the conditioning"
Hard to give tips if you give no information about your current situation
Stay safe homie and good luck!
"nah, not like that.  Follow up test from my spleen issue last year"
"Wouldn’t surprise me if he isn’t natural, but I imagine the peak “natural” physique is very similar to his"
You’re an absolute moron.
Super Mario odyssey is so fun
"What kind of gains are you looking for, fat?"
Do you ever feel like bodybuilding is all that you have or are you normal
"&gt; id be natty again

ded lmao"
Yeah I started using nair sensitive all over my body as of last week and I haven’t had a single flair up! Of course I touched up with my manscaped razor but it wasn’t bad at all
"Wow. Looking great. Grainy striated muscles will come in time, but you look like you put in a lot of work to be here man"
Too bad hes a top tier jagoff
"Some delicious cereal with whey shake is the GOAT postworkout for me. Too bad I'm unable to control my cereal portions.

And no, as long as you don't overeat it's good, plus quick digesting carbs post workout are supposed to be good."
"LOL, I’ll answer you Bro 🤣.  Okay, in all seriousness, not bad.  I’m not sure where your starting point was to see how much you have progressed to get to this point, which makes it a bit difficult to truly assess, but as you are now, for someone who isn’t prepping for a show and are still working on bulking, you’re at a decent point, but again it’s hard to say without a reference point with which to compare this to,  unless this IS basically your starting point, but even if that were the case, you have some thickness/mass in your legs, so you haven’t been neglecting those which is good, you have calves, which some pros don’t even have, so that’s good, and even in your bulking phase you can still see some separation of the obliques, serratus, and even in your quads as well, so you’re definitely not “fat” per se.  You’ve got some thickness to your pecs already, bi’s are good, your lats and v-taper seem to be developing nicely although you could use a bit more width so maybe some focused lat days are in order, but other than that there’s honestly not really anything bad to say, unless you were like “1 week out, whaddaya think?” then you’d be in trouble, but I personally wouldn’t be unhappy with this if it was either my starting point or if you’ve made some progress to get to this point.  You’ll also look a lot different once you cut.

The only thing I’ll really say you should work on, lol, is your posing, lol.  Tippy toes looks a bit awkward and just doesn’t quite do the Front Double the justice it deserves. Cheers."
"All strength can be functional, some exercises will be more functional for some people depending on what they typically do. At my old job I had to lift a load of shit above my head, so OHP would've been the most ""functional"" lift to train, at my current job there's basically nothing physical but I'm on my feet and bend down a lot so core exercises are probably more ""functional"". Anyone who makes up lifts that offer less benefits, and increase injury risk for ""functionality"" is a fucken dumbass even by the dd's standards."
"Yeah, haven't seen anyone lift anything close to 140kg in BP and just 205 in deadlift, but guess it may be a bit anecdotal too"
I don’t hate it at least lol
thanks boss i’ll make sure to go and see someone 🙂
"Idk man, I think you still got plenty of growing you can do before hopping on"
Pull down machine is better at targeting specific muscles. Seems like the same movement but pull-ups recruit a lot
Cuz u'd smash the dick 2 duh
"Those balls say otherwise jk bro, looking awesome"
I predict you will succeed on your first try.
The logo is just my fucked up tattoo lol
All are welcome.
"Enjoy!

And yeah, the expense + the fact that you're supposed to tip, really makes it add up quickly."
"Yes! Keep it simple: eat, lift with intensity, recover, sleep, hydrate. :)"
"More blowjobs, but no deep throating, or you'll puke all over again"
"Depending on what direction you want to go in finance, it is a good idea to start learning a programming language. If you want to work more on the IB side, excel isn’t really good enough anymore. I’m in an MSF program rn, and our program director does all of his coding in R. It’s much simpler than real coding languages, ie python, but far more powerful than Excel."
500 calorie deficit with a refeed every 5-14 days
God damn that badonkadonk
"Thank you for the time and information. I’m actually excited to incorporate some treadmill in now. I’m seeing slow gains a month in, which is a feeling like no other. (Seeing the work you put in show progress.) Now I’m addicted and it seems like everyday I can’t wait to get off work to go workout. Again, thank you for the needed info!"
"I use the deadlift jack lol, we have a hipthrust station aswell."
"Always a good idea to put the camera low anyway. Judges' eyes are low. You want to be getting used to posing to look good from that angle. You perform how you practice, as our high school coaches always said!"
reminder that u/black_angus1 is so damn handsome man
Phil Health would like to have a word with you
good begginer program?
Literally the best compliment ever
Your quads are crazy shredded and dry
Photoshop doesn't work on stage unfortunately
"Nick Walker might be my favorite bodybuilder.. and he’s doesn’t even market himself that much. Maybe that’s why I like him so much.. but damn he is freaking massive. 

I missed him on last weeks podcast tho 😓"
the audacity of those gain goblins
Creatine not even once
He wouldn't crack the top 10 in 212
"He should have been in GOT, lots of raping with British accents."
"Fuck the milfs! Enjoy looking young while you have it, you’ll have time to look older later."
Agreed in the callout he immediately stood out especially with his posing; drew your eyes to him.
No.
Looks awesome!!
Delts looking like Derek would have a second glance
"Fuck bro if only because she was a mmmmilf you know what I'm saying? Mid to late 30s.

Her mother has some sort of relation to my manager  so not an option."
"If milk makes my stomach feel abit meh , could that ruin the absorption of other nutrients/ food I’ve eaten ?"
"Hey i wish I was that thick when I started so I could lift a lot more. I was only 115 lbs at 6'0"" tall. Couldn't even bench the bar lol"
No one is surprised dude. It's pretty much widely accepted that Phil's 2011 &amp; 2013 are 2 of the best Olympia physiques we've ever seen.
That’s more like it!
"Stop it, some kid is going to read this and beg his mom for $75 to go buy a big ass tub of them despite the fact that she just got him a big ass tub of BCAA's last week.

Stop supporting the Amino Acid industry with your propaganda."
Yeah I do! This pic was just for check-ins with my coach
"What is the cut of the steak? Just look that up in the USDA nutrient database, and whatever you go with be consistent. As long as you keep what you chose consistently in your meal plan, you can still adjust accordingly."
"Most likely fucked up to say this, but if all the females on Tinder/Bumble and all that shit who say they’re “gymaholics” actually went to the gym, the US might not be one of the fattest countries. Just saying."
Straight and yes. Because sure.
"yes. concentrates are less filtered, contain more lactose and more calories"
One of my friends eats them with orange juice instead of milk
It definitely fills seats but you’re smoking crack if you think any division fills the seats more than men’s open on a global scale of popularity
"Thanks!!! I was hoping to crank a few more lbs out too actually, maybe I'll keep bulking"
Yeah brah. Now it's a bunch of FA trolls and political rabble. Reading those posts gave me some of the most memorable laughs in my life. D'you know of any other forum for mildly aesthetic degenerates?
"Mmm, I was dealing with severe depression in the first picture. 1 month before that picture I was on 200lbs 9% body fat, when Covid arrive and the lockdowns etc, my entire world collapse and I just collapse with it so, In just 25 days I lost 20lbs. I was pretty bad in that picture honestly 😅"
kinda feel i should start my cut now but im addicted to gains
"Okay now you’re on the other side of the spectrum with not being ripped for summer. I just don’t know how to feel lol 😂

Oh your last sentence, I’m stupid"
"Shit, even small stuff like meat consumption is linked to heart issues and premature death, it's not just the drugs, is the cocktail of all those extremes summed up together."
"Deca isn’t the best for insides but neither is dbol, anavar, clen, tren etc but people still use em..."
"I've had terrible luck with college professors. It feels like every semester I get at least 1 who is an absolute nutcase or two literally can't do their job. These are the 3 that stand out the most

Asl teacher who would berate and insult the class. Would randomly change due dates then said we lied after we showed her pics of the board. Once wrote on a students paper *the deaf community and the black community have a lot in common*. What does this mean? Idc

A history professor who would talk about the orange man every 10 to 15 muinets. To this day I still don't understand why he was so obsessed with something he hated,but good lord. Trump said this and did that and do you know I absolutely hate him? On the very first day of class he walked in, didn't introduce himself didn't even say hi or talk about the course itself. He had a word document filled with quotes and just sat there and read them. 

I took an Asian humanities class 50% for filler and 50% just because. The first dude was a classic bitter old guy who talked way to much about his own personal life vs actual subject matter ,but at least he had some good insights. Then he just randomly dipped, and the next dude that showed up was something special. To this day I'm convinced he was a serial killer. 

For starters he would just carry around a container of ranch. No other food in it just ranch. That in itself raised some eyebrows along with his bizzare appearance but then he started talking. He pulled up some artwork and goes *this reminds me of my house deep in the woods*""
Uh sure I guess? 5 muinets go on. Maybe it's because I live alone and don't have friends. 

Boi what? 
He also once implied he was a virgin. He started reading love poems and then got up in his feels talking about the one relationship he's had and he's just going on and on.  And we're just like, I didn't fuckin ask"
"Yea exactly, thats why i hated the lazy passive approach that all my professors took in dealing with lazy students"
I'd like to look like that.
"Exactly.  I don't do enough gear to look like him, but I do think the brick shithouse look is highly underrated."
Good points!
Don’t forget how unattractive they look and what supplements they take to look like this.  They are poisoning their body.
"Yeah, this cbum difference isn't even drastic (smile vs no smile). Only difference is his hairline compared to Logan Franklin who was legit male model face and his nose and jaw grew an absurd amount. Bad comparison for op to make"
"If this way worked better then don't you think the pros would all be doing it too? The biggest flaw I see is that your muscles grow for 48+ hours after you leave the gym. So if you go to the gym on Friday then eat at a deficit on saturday and sunday you're just wasting any nutrition/protein synthesis that your body should be getting. 

Bulking takes months for a few lbs of lean body mass, cutting takes months to drop excess fat, recomping takes tren (or newbie gains). People love to overanalyze and complicate things when there's no need to."
Lmaoooo you nasty as SHIT. Hopefully your lifting is going okay tho
"Your friend is telling you some straight broscience.

Make sure you are actually tracking your protein and calories. Try stuff like bananas, Rice Krispie treats, and peanuts for easy calories. Also drink more of your calories."
I stopped giving a fuck about DMX whenever he got arrested for (and pled guilty to) animal cruelty charges. Anyone who is cruel to an animal like that can just fuck right off. RIP to that piece of shit.
"Alright, so. Show recap: 

[but first, some pictures n shit from peak week.](https://imgur.com/a/vjUUolC)

We actually came into this show pretty flat. We tried to make weight for classic class B, which is 190 lbs. the best I could muster was a rather dead 193.6 lbs. Didn’t make weight for classic, so I only had LHW to compete in. As weigh-ins were at 8am the day of the show, (stage time was 11:30 or so roughly) this made it a bit hard to fill me back out, as my best look while depleted and flat was sitting somewhere around 201-203 lbs like 2 days before the show. Nonetheless, coach had a game plan and I executed it backstage. I definitely came in a bit flat for this showing, but thankfully it was still enough to secure the class win! We know now that going into my next showing, we will not be trying for classic physique at all, but rather focusing on peaking me to my full potential and not even worrying about weight. As to what my next showing will be, I haven’t decided yet, but it won’t be until 2022. Big life moves and SOME growing are in the plans first. As I’m only 23, I have nothing but time so I’m in no rush to go for pro. I intend to be undeniable when I step on a National stage, so I’ll be working my ass off in the meantime to make that a reality. 

I want to give a HUGE thank you to my coach, John Dorsey, for taking me to this win. He is the first and only coach that I’ve ever worked with. Boy did I get lucky there lol. If it weren’t for coach, I’d not be the person I am today both as a bodybuilder and as a decent human being. Thank you for being the amazing coach and friend that you are. 

And finally, I wanna give a big thank you to my support system going into this show. My teammates, my family, my girlfriend, and my gym buddies all kept me focused and pushed me to be better every day. 

And that’s that! NQ secured, game plan set for the future, now we get to work. Thank you guys for letting me share this journey with y’all. It’s been a hell of a ride."
Dude has sick body but is it me or does his head shape sort of make him look less hench?
"Hey bro I loved you in Prometheus

Also please dude don’t do that shit again, beans can like fuck you up bad"
Guys I had so much fun in the snow this morning. I may have a sucky lift but it was so much fun to finally go out and do something. Apparently the trick to getting the snow to yourself is getting out there before first light. My SO and I got there so early the highway patrol wasn’t even monitoring for chains
"Awesome pics. Great size. Look thick. Solid. Tight. Keep us all posted on your continued progress with any new progress pics or vid clips. Show us what you got man. Wanna see how freakn' huge, solid, thick and tight you can get. Thanks for the motivation."
They are calorie free if you rinse
then youre good to go
Man you look great. Even more crazy considering you're 21.
"The funny thing is that I bet I look and perform better than you, and ur probably on gear while I’m natural. And I get paid to make gains and u lose money to make gains lol. 

Ps my abs still looks better than urs"
What is this lmao
"I used to take it but I started getting bad nightmares and leg spasms in my sleep. It’s good for anxiety, but side effects for me weren’t worth it."
yeah live you life how you want but don’t bring dat ish to the sub lol
"Bulking during the summer is weird. Still have abs so it’s not terrible but it’s still feels weird. 
Now I’m lucky because I’m married and have a kid so it’s not like I’m trying to impress anyone but it still feels wrong for some reason but I’ll never be huge if I cut simply just too look big on the beach"
hey ;)
"Ye no worries, soosh is p annoying in my opinion and regularly talks about pinning and taking sarms (he made one of his buddies- dont remember who pin him on camera once). James got dropped after he revealed his roid cycle after a few months or so but claims it was because of his political posts on his second instagram not being unnatural. Anthony is probably the only one I enjoy watching despite his content being bland at times by product of him being dedicated to competing. 

yes i know too much i have nothing else to watch during cardio and its hate fuel"
"Seriously, I think about him every time I lift for the last 12 months."
I really appreciate the insight. I’m sorry things with your family aren’t ideal. Hopefully they can see the hard work you’ve put in. That pro card is coming in soon. Best of luck!
I like EOD
Yeah he blew it way way way outta proportion
"Problem is that fat is extremely energy dense and you can get much fuller with carbs or protein. Carbon is an app. You basically log everything you eat and it tells you if you need to eat more, less or what kinda macros you still need to hit. Apparently it's possible to get used to it, but I find it to be quite a bit of work, but if you want to really finely tweak your nutrition then that's the kinda tool you want. But for me personally it's too geeky."
appreciate it! yeah I was just playing around doing this pose because it is my favorite. goal is to eventually grow into classic in 2-3 years.
Ok but what if it wasn’t one day and was more like a cheat two-fiscal-quarters?
Thank you so much.
"I have accepted the reality that I'm losing my hair.  I have decided to officially bite the bullet and get a prescription for finasteride.

How do I get a prescription for finasteride?"
Well shit I think I got ringworm
"Look outstanding!!! 

What has your overall diet been like? Calories etc? I’m curious too if your cardio and weight schedule. 

If you don’t mind. 😀"
Update: it already feels better from stretching lmfao
Congrats! I imagine this last year has been tough for many dancers with no live performances happening.
"Nah, I check my BP on the regular, it's fine."
"Ah, well I’d still plan on not going there, the US is pulling out over the next couple years and unfortunately(depending on your view) without us no other country or the UN will be able to maintain much of a force there.

Make sure you look into what’s required for getting attached to the UN through your country’s military, often you’ll have more requirements than your standard soldier would."
"[I basically got pulled over. Had no registration on my truck. This is funny because I was on my way to The Olympia in Vegas. I had no registration. No insurance. Tinted windows. Tinted covers on my license plates. No mud flaps. You name it, I got written up for it. But luckily, he coulda towed my car and left me on the freeway... It coulda been worse. Three months later, here I am dealing with this shit. Gotta go to court today.](https://youtu.be/hq7aY_3Hlgk?t=30)"
Thank you for getting the reference
"damn, you're right

I guess I can add dessert"
Thank you!
"I literally block people every week. Just gotta keep at it, homie. Life is too short to expose yourself to stuff like that."
Friends . close and casual relationship. Lots of ' bro' And ' the fuck man' lmao. My coaches were/are both local and i see them in person so that's definitely why
Onto the win
You lie the best. &lt;3
"Want some advice on how to approach my nutrition. I have at least 20-30lbs to lose. I’m 5’9 187-190 natty. I feel like I have some ok size. Just need to get significantly lean to bring out the shreds. 

My question is if you were in my shoes where would you start nutrition wise? Basically calories,macros,supplements, number of meals, etc"
Dude you go to my fucking gym! Good luck man!
Just give them the zyzz pose and you win
talking out of your ass
Idk who got first but looks like you should have taken the whole damn thing
"As far as I know, Pro Physique is great. I have met Paul several times. I know less about Elite Physique. 

For your first comp get someone you trust but definitely don’t feel the need to go with the biggest names or the most expensive. I’ve found that it’s often the big ‘teams’ that leave first time competitors hanging because they can’t handle the volume of clients they carry and they’re paying attention to national level and pro clients first."
You look 30. Go easy on the roids
"No it wasn’t. I said you need less total sets if you go to failure, how is that misleading?"
"Step aside Anavar, Anadrol is new best friend."
"Thanks a lot bro, I appreciate 🙏🏼"
"So tired from work and job interviews, had to take a few days off from the gym. Back on the train tomorrow!"
"Maybe my words were a bit harsh initially and I apologise for that. See the comment above for a guide on what a good post looks like. Good luck with your fitness goals, we're all trying to make it after all."
Return to training going well. Mood: giddy murder.
God damn what’d you do? fall asleep?
"Good fucking morning god damn it 

I hope everyone has a great fucking day today 

What’s everyone hitting"
Luke had and argument for the legit best front double of all time with the vacuum
"So, any good literature or video I can read to start making my own programs? I don’t wanna rely on gamma bomb and creeping death every time."
Ops boyfriend is the one who did the dumping and yet he still thinks they're in love.
I worded that poorly lol. I meant did something happen to get them to move over here. The dd has gone to shit over the last month or 2
"Yeah, isn't looks really important in korea? Shit's crazy"
"yes, send me a message, id be happy to discuss it with you. I am 6ft and natural. I am a pro in two orgs."
And it paid off.  Built like a shit brickhouse.
Shredded!  Nice work dude
"God I have bad biceps. Flat peaks, high insertions. Terrible MMC to them, I feel my forearms and front delts taking on so much load. I bet my forearm size has increased more than my biceps since I started lifting. Previous workout was shoulders and tris and my biceps looked absolutely pitiful next to them. They used to be covered in a layer of fat which sorta helped but now that I'm getting leaner I've realized what I'm dealing with."
"There is no universe in which Kevin or Flex beat Phil, they're both also narrow, Phil has equally good muscle bellies, but Phil is more complete than either of them and brings better conditioning. Phil against Dorian or Jay is more debatable, but I'd still take 2011/2013 Phil over any version of them. Ronnie is the only person you listed that would clearly place ahead, or really even place ahead at all, of Phil. More complete than the others, muscle bellies almost as good as Phil's barring triceps, but much more massive and much wider up top."
Amazing
"Agree. Every time a pic gets posted of Nick there are always people shitting on him because of the veins in his legs. Nick has a crazy physique, haters will always find something to nag on I guess. Beating a dead horse at this point."
Sounds like you already know your answer
You’re the one chatting shit out of nowhere
"Oh I see, thanks. Can one obtain any more of those pro cards? Any other besides USA and International?"
Got lucky genetically with the arms and shoulders lol they can always be better though for sure. Thanks bro
"Sorry about what i said before

My anxiety and neediness got the better of me"
Mmm...I have an empty detached garage so. Oh. Plus I bake.
"Good job bro, we’re all gonna make it. ;)"
Thank you.
"If youre playing some random single player game who the hell cares about &gt;60 fps?  And many of the best looking games dont need that much juice.   Multiplayer games are all played with competitive settings (read: turned down) and thus largely cpu bound.  Warzone runs fine on my spare computers downclocked and undervolted 480 (paired with a 1700x lol).  Cyberpunk will struggle a bit but honestly its a pretty mediocre title and if you comprise on settings it will run fine.  Certainly better than any console.  Youre over blowing the need for GPU horsepower, big time."
Looks like a bigger Jeremy Sayers
Thanks bro. I never know how much I need this shit until I hear it. I believe in you!
"Melatonin helps me fall asleep sooo much easier, the actual quality of sleep is actually a bit worse though."
"Fuck it im turning in my natty card some day next week.

Osta 10 and mk677

Nolva for pct"
"Holy shit I'm deaths scared now. I started working out 2 months ago, am a skinny fat guy, 6'2"" 168lbs.

Just did 4 sets,20 reps of weigthed squats (7.5kg dumbells), followed by 4 sets(15,15,25,25) of db front squats (same 7.5kg dbs). 

Laid down exhausted afterwards for 25 minutes but then when I tried to get up I couldn't. Like literally my legs wouldn't support my body up. I thought wow nice workout ig but now I'm scared. Still can't sit down and get up easily, 2 hrs later. Please advise"
No way! I watched this movie last night and honestly never clicked when I see King Kong chowing down on fistfulls of fish.
Yes it is you should be able to tell?
idk i just feel like the other competitors had a leg up on him...
Interesting. You can also use Greek yogurt. Also sub half a cup (60g) of pumpkin puree for oil/butter in the batter as well
Obliques are like the only muscle group you should avoid training at all costs
"Yeah if you need some fats in there they're a perfect addition, and yummy AF haha."
"damn bro, for the first 4 weeks my dermatologist also put me on 40mg of prednisone daily along with accutane and those two together are like evil twins motherfucking cramps in places I've never heard of and mini heart aches"
Pretty sure flex was a couple inches taller than Phil
"No caffeine for 9 months 

No difference"
Thanks so so much 💪🏾💪🏾
I agree. And it is Reddit so you know people are
"oh yes, that ever so common phrase ""overflowing with muscle"""
vanilla greek yogurt and oats is the best version of milk and cereal
"Wrong sub, maybe try the daily discussion on r/fitness"
"Well coming off the high of winning the basketball state championship 2 weeks ago I’m now on my way to our first track meet. I throw shotput and discus, right now I’m hitting high 130s in discus and mid 40s on shotput. For being class 2A I’m pushing the numbers that won the state meet in both throws. In 2019 the winning shotput and discus throws were 46.3 and 144.6 respectively. 


I’m still recovering from a few minor injuries I got from basketball in my ankles knee and hip, they are recovering quickly and it never hurts when I throw but it just tightens up when I’ve thrown too long. 


We are pulling in now, I’m ready to go wreck shop!!! I’ll report back after I break the school record"
Yeah I did my part and got vaccinated. I’m not sure why you’re lecturing me. Go complain about people who won’t get vaccinated
"Oh okay you’re specifically talking about a barbell. I though you were asking more about the movements. Either way, they’re both great. Some people prefer one over the other. Dumbbell rows give me a great pump but I prefer barbell rows to load heavier and get a bit of extra low back work in from having to stabilize during the movement. I do both. 

I personally don’t do much barbell overhead pressing because I am naturally pretty strong at it and I get more shoulder hypertrophy from other movements. In general I’m not doing a ton of overhead work right now. But some people absolutely love doing overhead work and you’ll find dumbbell overhead work especially to be a staple in bodybuilding. Same with any overhead machines and the like.

Every movement is a potential tool at your disposal and how you use them is up to you. Some will give you better results at different times. You may end up simply not liking one movement or another or maybe something hurts and there is an easy workaround. There is very little science to figuring out which movements are “best”."
Lol I’ve even tried bending over and holding the bottom of the seat to stay as locked down as possible but it’s not working
"Bro just try to gain 1-2lb maximum if you want to grow with least amount of fat and you are a newbie you can do body recomp do Full body workout 3 time a week
If you want to know what to do before workout watch this video it will help you a lot 
https://youtu.be/6c4oksUNZic"
"Yet he was stupid enough to not listen to the surgeons  and got back to lifting too quickly and subsequently reinjured himself countless times.

If he wasn’t such a moron regarding his recovery he probably wouldn’t be crippled like he is now."
Fk man your abs shape is perfect! Crazy physique there.
It’s almost like you need a calorie surplus even on steroids 🤔
"👍🏻 You’re welcome, and yeah best way to not be sore is to get the pump. Some wise man once said the pump is like cumming and he was right."
Medical shit to correct your thoracic spine is def worth it. Also shit to get your shoulders back as far as they should be makes a big difference in BB
"Honestly, probably just slightly above what I was eating prior too my break....as I was already at a deficit. So like 200 more calories maybe at most? 

For example, I was eating 6oz of meat for each meal, and I upped it to 8oz. This has made me extremely satiated and full... I have zero hunger all day long."
But they love KFC (Korean fried chicken)
Yo what the fuck kinda county you live in bro? That's absolutely insane. Literally vaporizing small business.
Yuck. Guilty
"in general, what do u think is a healthy weight on a girl at around 5’4? I know this def varies but I’d like to hear what others think. Also super random, but do guys prefer girls who look athletic asf like a lean machine or is a chunky muscular cool too? Just wanted to hear some thoughts :)"
You guys are really making me sad as I learn that you don't obsess over every single characteristic of my username to be able to spot the fakes out there.
"Man I must have missed your original post about this, that's so sad. How long has your dad been locked up for? How bad was the bus crash?"
Wait really lol
Looking great. What are your off prep calories like seeing you're at 1250 8 weeks out.
"No that’s everything I’ve ever read on the internet about getting big arms lmao. My arms are 17” now but of course they’re not big enough, just wanted to see if other guys with similarly small builds are able to get their arms bigger, as I’ve never seen anyone on Instagram that I can think of that has the same build as me and arms bigger than 17 ish”. I wonder where that bro science comes from cus I hear it a lot."
Yes yes I know. People thinking that you can gain so much fat in a night are really annoying.
"Love Hoffman but next to other Classic athletes he never looked as crazy as them.
His muscles seem pretty mature but not much „popping“ going on.

Only thing I really dislike about him is his posing.
I can‘t stand those explosive poseres. More into slow &amp; flow."
Someone broke into my locker today at the gym and stole my credit cards. Walked to the target 0.2 miles away and spent $1100. I don't understand how they got in. The lock was completely intact. None of the sides of the locker were damaged. I cover my lock when I open it. It also definitely was in the gym because I used a card last night and hadn't left the apartment since then.
Just fuck the Tesla and usher in the era of cyborg ubermench. Someone's gotta do it. I don't want dyel robots controlling me in the future
Better to have our fans with burner accounts than to have our GM with burner accounts arguing about collar sizes 😉
In the rear relaxed he looked pretty good. He was never very wide in the back compared to the rest of him. He also had a pretty good Christmas tree for what it’s worth.
Pretty normal my dude. Mine is around 2pm. I usually take 1/4 scoop of pre workout around 1pm to prevent this.
"Aesthetic as fuck brah, saluted indeed. Nice facial gains too"
/u/jayyli is that you :o
Trap tats looking fuxking juicy bro
Post butt pics. Everyone likes those.
"You will want to head over to r/fitness as a good starting point. 

As far as a body/waist ratio it really shouldn’t make a huge difference in terms of general fitness."
Can we start calling super sets with a drop set an ultra set?
"&gt;Would lean bulking at 20-22% be a bad idea?

Cutting would be a better idea"
Marijuana is your friend; helps with doms too
"By far the most boring, overrated, overpriced and not worth it in terms of cost (financially, physically and mentally) drug"
Are ya winning son?
Better protocols etc...
Damn Iain looked peeled… shoulders looking nuts
"&gt; I don’t need to gain weight.

You're in the wrong place haha

jk"
"Mondays, without fail, have a spike. Start of the work week. Anxiety/stress gets that cortisol going Sunday evening. Sleep like shit. Water retention. A smarter person would try to prevent it better."
"Wow only 15 sets total?! Thats not a lot of volume, which makes your results even more impressive. Congrats"
Don't call me out like that in public :'c
"Yeah I’m not saying it’s the most impressive especially around here, just asking for equivalent in terms of impressiveness.

The weights you said sound about right tho, thanks!"
Sick👍
We're all there yeah haha. Maybe you could do some program that has you going more days with less volume per day if that helps your mental.
Pretend you’re JP and SLDL like seven plates with a pause or something equally crazy
Good one lmao
"Good choice, you're young AF and still should be able to put on quite a lot of muscle relatively fast as a natural. Looking good!"
"Feels bad man. Bananas are a great source of potassium. And they're so cheap. 

They're so fucking cheap. I bought 8 of them yesterday for like $2."
Wow 1.5m members and 2 posts every few hours
apparently I like mariachi music
all natural 100% baby
"Got a cheap one on amazon for like $40, look up Hethtec(Chinese knockoff) works as well as a theragun for 1/10th the price and definitely worth it."
Pat is a great coach and all around good person
I remember the day my back mmc clicked... god it was incredible lol
Yes. Where would you like to see them?
Thanks dude!!
"That's rough. I'm sorry for your loss. 

Remember the good times. I know right now they hold a bit of resentment but soon those will be the best way to cherish and celebrate his life. 

Hang in there bb."
"ah got it thank you, have you ever thought about being sponsored or working for companies like gymshark? I'm sure it's hard doing something you love but have to take in a 9-5 to support yourself and your bodybuilding lifestyle."
"Arm day in general is pretty boring, curls just aren’t something I look forward to"
Looks good. Your structure reminds me of David Hoffmans
No. It’s a couple who meet originally online and who sign up to get a visa for permanent citizenship and who have 90 days since they meet to get married.
"Treat it like any other crime. ""Where do you buy your coke? Where do you bury your bodies? Do you prefer a knife or a gun when you murder someone?"""
"He's 6'2 @ 185 lbs, which is pretty small for someone that height, I found some of his old ""powerlifting"" videos and he's barely an intermediate lifter.  Dude is probably just on test and test only, I mean I hope he's not on tren...  To me he seems like a physique dude that is in denial about his lack of strength."
"Lmao im dumb ☠️ ive been thinking im doing more of a brosplit but yea, ofcourse im already doing PPL in that sense."
Should have won 81 Mr. Olympia.
You weren’t bad but there has been dumb shit like “how can I add muscle mass”
"I love it too but I always take myself well past the endorphin rush and balls deep into the dizzy, nauseous wasteland of exhaustion. You know where you don’t want to eat hours afterwards and it feels like you’re vibrating through your chair? Ahhhhhh. Kinda a caffeine crash from hell. Still getting used to it too but you are right on it being mentally satisfying as fuck."
Yeah any established brand will be fine. What brand was this deal you found?
I liked the road by cormac McCarthy more than blood meridian but it certainly isn’t cheerier lol.
i'm completely serious. If you're picking up something before close I completely understand but other than that I never tip when I'm going to pick up my own food
Thanks. I gained 14lbs back after show wtf lol
thank you xox
Compound lifts are better than nothing and you can still make good gains with compounds
I have had the worst calf doms for the last 24 hours and I don't understand why. All I did on Wednesday that engaged calves was deadlifts and maybe the elliptical?
"I'm happy that he was out there running and chasing his dreams, just couldn't outrun a train"
You spend a lot of time being pissed at people you don't know
"Had some weird things going on with my body this week. During my last two workouts I started getting a headache that started at the back of my neck. Then just now while working at my computer, my right forearm just started pulsing, although I don't feel any pain or soreness. Not much has changed about my training or nutrition so I have no idea why."
It's like m&amp;m with a candy surface and chocolate inside but 100x better.
I’m proud of you
"Drop a heavy dumbbell close to his food, the impact should scare him to wear some shoes unless he wants to lose a toe."
"Lol tren 700? I did 700test c 200mg tren a and 75mg anadrol, you think thats a huge cycle? Also no im not going off at everyone, just morons like you that think they know anything, you clearly have no clue"
"Well done! Yulia is from Moscow. She moved to Sydney in 2015. She could speak some English when she came, but has learned most of it since she arrived. Every now and then there is a Russian explosion - see the blooper reel in her nutrion video as an example :-) 🇷🇺 🇦🇺"
LOL DAE FUTURAMA?!11
"Sorry to say you’re not gonna make 4% even untamed no way your a bit below 10 here. 
Loose fat quick and your muscles are
Gonna take a hit 

4% would literally cause permanent damage
To your pituitary gland. 

Check out Christian bale
In one movie where he was a soldier.
He wasnt even 4% there"
"I agree that if it's working that you're doing things right. 

I disagree that you can determine the reason you are failing to grow based on soreness."
"I agree, thank you PissTrooper69"
I think Shanique grant actually said the same thing and along with wanting children made her want to step away.  I think there’s a couple non-natty woman powerlifters who have said they got self conscious on gear since they felt like they were losing their femininity.
Ok. I’ll go back in time and do that 👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽
Dawg there is an active investigation lol. Hes literally pending trial. Its not like this is because of a twitter post
This is also when you start growing hair on your chest. Good job bb.
Yo wtf I just got myself a solid Asian QT look at us bro
Awesome! Pound those pins! Keep workin
Lol you can't seem to catch a break in these threads. You're looking great man.
Idk what that means
"I mean, genetics definitely plays a role. But there’s a spectrum. Think Dave palumbo at one end and Arnold at the other. Tbh I don’t think this guy has bad genetics, pretty normal mostly. But it kinda seems like he’s just running whatever he can get his hands on and that’s a recipe for disaster. Especially for being 22 years old. Damn I can’t imagine. I’m not here to judge anyone for their choices. I lifted seriously for 10 years before hopping on at the age of 28 and I think that’s the best decision I ever had. I probably was ready to hop on at 26 but I just didn’t. Taking tren at 22 when you probably didn’t even start lifting until 20 years old..sorry but that’s just not smart. He needs to go back to the basics for a few years. Just test and maybe anavar for a year. After that can throw in EQ or primo before building up to others like Deca/dbol that can be trickier to dial in. His AI dosage is just completely fucked though."
I actually love your shit posts ❤
"Myfitness Pal is pretty decent for tracking macros and cals 

Workout wise I’ve never had great success with an app, but rather I’d suggest searching google for a Push Pull Legs program. It’s usually a great place to start before getting into different split programs

Full Body programs work well too 3 x weekly and such"
"Raw ground beef is how you die. Don’t *ever* eat raw ground beef unless you watched it get ground up at the table.

Also for fucks sake just buy some spices. Garlic power and paprika have 0 calories. They all have no calories. I don’t even care what you get to start just get *something*.

Go to your room and think about what you’ve done."
Stop it David. This can't be diagnosed or treated on reddit.
Thanks! 90 minutes sounds great!
"I agree with him having some trouble but I disagree with you saying his midsection is awful. Arash rahbar’s midsection is significantly worse and he was an Olympian 4 times. I know tons of ifbb classic dudes who look worse then Brandon. It’s only a matter of
time before he turns pro. I think Brandon’s issue is his arms. His triceps are good but his biceps are a glaring weakness. That being said his back and legs are killer and he deserved to win that show from what I’ve seen so far. His BDB is killer. I think it’s very possible for him to have the same situation as chris regarding arms. The question is can he put the mass on and will it look good at the Olympian level. and in the right places"
"What is there to stop and see/do between Nashville and Dallas? Only leg of an upcoming road trip we don’t have anything planned for and have no idea what’s even there.

Yes I realize what a dirty yankee this makes me sound like."
Thanks mr meadows
"You're welcome!! And don't underplay your progress, it was good!"
Steal some money out of her purse
"Today was a really good leg day, kill your lifts bros"
"Looking good. I'd say on your first pose, make a fist and push it in into your hip. Simultaneously, flex the oblique and relax the pec.

Also, you're going want to flare lats just a bit more on back pose and smoothen out transitions.

Watch the pros and try to imitate, you'll find it comes. Good luck my guy!"
"This may come as a surprise to redditor, but hear me out. You can admite other guys without being gay. Shocker, huh?"
"I love Tomn8ers vids man, fantastic commentator"
Hahaha I've got a pretty solid self esteem when it comes to external comments but that would definitely feel bad lol
It looks like a machine that you would lay down on facing down with your legs locked under the rolling pads and your abdomen on the seat looking thing and then work perhaps your lower back and or hamstrings. However I admit I'm not totally sure and that looks scuffed as hell
Prep actually made me a happier person. The rigid structure of working out and meals and everything gave me a greater sense of pride in myself as well as purpose
That’s a good point. Tastes can and should change with time and experience.
Her album called Frank is so good if you’re in your feels or if you’re going thru a break up. Also there’s a documentary about her life that’s pretty good
Am excited to get back into weight lifting altho I might need to go back to pt ☹ and also currently hating the fact that weight lifting makes me feel too drained to do other things I enjoy doing
"When I was in basic I woke up on like night 7 and I deadass thought I was having a brain aneurysm, the withdrawal headaches were no joke. I also went from like 400mg minimum to zero with no taper tho, don't recommend."
Alternate to avoid imbalances
"This is perfect, thank you"
Im currently doing a 3 day split but i want to advance into a 6 day split. Can i do my 3 day split just 2 times a week or do i have to plan a new workoutplan?
"Thanks bro!

&amp;#x200B;

So would you advocate for lesser weight and really feeling the squeeze versus keep on adding weight and not feeling as much?"
"Damn, keep on benching and plowing and you’ll get there some day! 👍🏻"
Thanks bro!
"he can't fucking read. I said ""How good is yk11"" as in, ""what can I expect?"". I didn't say ""Let's compare and contrast yk11 and test."""
Yeah it’s like PEMDAS
I bet ur real happy he fell off
Go get a massage to help release your pecs if it's uneven
Why does tall people are usually strong not do it for you?
"I looked at it, but theres 0 chance i could do/recover from those rep schemes.

5x10 at 70% or something? I get fucked up from 1 set of 10 at 70% lmao"
Nordic curls are good
Aight cheers bro. I turned off notifications for awards for some reason so if you gave me the silver thanks lol. Idk why it was award worthy tho
No better reason to get new clothes than for the Gainz!!!
Huh? i'm asking for advice on how best to maintain my progress. I guess i'm more concerned with the eating since I can do bodyweight stuff to stay active.
good bot
"Looks like ""mom says it's my turn on the Xbox"""
I like how for some reason you have the flair in /r/steroids but not here lol
"Try to take it easy man, sometimes you have a bad streak in your company until the situation gets better.

I was almost two years switching between garbage projects in mine, until I ended up in the one I'm currently at and now I'm in a perfect spot, working little hours, with almost no pressure and a good client and team."
"Damn I missed yesterday's DD on account of my gf fucked her back, was too busy running her around to appointments. Brb"
"Holy fuck my anxiety is in full force today in class. I literally cannot get a word out, sweating for no reason, and fidgeting to all hell. Why though?"
"I'm working in my home gym and it goes great, it is pretty decently equipped. But doing hip thrust at home seems a bit difficult with my setup"
I liked invincible on prime.
Yeah. About 150 million people got Mr O
Mike is definitely juicing tho.
"In pretty sure that title is just ""The world's strongest man."" Although, there's multiple strong man competitions and there's not really a unifying organization unfortunately."
Lol that’s lowkey what I was doing
"Lifting weights with some low impact cardio , about 90minutes"
"Okay here’s my ultra super secret deload technique: if you’re running PPL, just do your first three workouts over a week and add 3 rest days. That will be $500 or a sub to my OF."
Thanks for answering my questions 👍
Seconded. If I wasn’t poor those would be the only underwear that touched my body
"That's decent, personally I treat abs like any other muscle. I wouldn't do just bodyweight for my chest / back - so why not add weight for abs too? Weighted crunches on a cable machine are amazing.

I'd definitely recommend throwing in some treadmill work. Doesn't need to be insane, in fact it's far better if it's easy. I usually do 8% incline at 3mph for like 30 mins 3 times a week, gives me time to catch up on podcasts and it's become my favourite part of the workout some days.

You shouldn't be out of breath, just around 130bpm. The sweat should start pouring after 5-10 mins. That's the ideal fat burning zone"
"Yep, 100% natural and not the first to say that!
Thank you for the compliment!"
"What do you guys think is the worst retail/ customer service job or company.

I'm going to have to go with either fast food or Costco. 

I didn't directly work for Costco I just was a guest who sold stuff in their stores but good lord the customers there where on a whole new level of pure mean"
"1. I'm homiesexual. I only kiss the homies

2. I mean...   Maybe? But like which one of us would be the top or the bottom?"
Thank you!
I am super lucky that my coach let me have a lot of food and freedom during this prep so it wasn’t that bad the only thing that really sucked was the low intensity steady state cardio that really killed my soul
Depending on how bad their sleep is it can be beneficial. 8 hours of subpar sleep is better than no hours.
"Good work bro, look good!  Just want you to know I’m sitting here scrolling while eating Oreos."
"When someone has painful kneecaps, my first thought is patellofemoral pain syndrome (PFPS). Consult a PT if it's bad of course, but maybe you can see if your symptoms line up and try to treat it yourself"
Insightful lol
Phenomenal work dude! Congrats on the pro card!
ty
"Gear and auto immune aren’t related?! Wtf how is this getting upvotes, y’all in denial"
PIP is just any post-injection pain. If you get PIP it usually comes later unless you fu.. wait. Hold on. You're 100% natty?
You know you raise a good point. OP does seem troubled from his past actions.
"Waiting on an arm blaster from Amazon, going full bro mode"
Had cabbage tonight in a burrito. It was fire
What are you doing for warming up? I hear light weight tricep extensions are very good for priming your elbows
Lying leg curls with slow contractions. They can be sinister after a long workout and don’t need to be super heavy
"I consistently have problems with my shoulders and back, tried everything but ultimately physical therapy exercises and paying extra close attention to muscle imbalance is what keeps the pain away"
"Totally agree, dude looks like granite. Impeccable indeed"
Hand to forearm ratio still off the charts
"I hope my hype helped power you through the audition! How much longer until you hear back??

Ohh I didn't think about the b12 being refrigerated! Ignore my suggestion of heating the oil up beforehand! I don't know how b12 handles when it gets warm/hot!"
"Hi, I can't thank you enough. Thanks to you, one of my biggest dreams came true today. I'm somewhat at a loss for words right now. Thank you for this."
10-12 is easy as fuck and much more aesthetic. definitely don't look as good in a shirt if natty tho unless you're near peak natty
You've conquered hell mate.
"Sure, so that means load up 10+ plates on the leg press for quarter reps? While also using your hands on your knees to cheat?

What's the excuse for the quarter rep military press?

Please feel free post the videos so everyone here can see them and judge for themselves.

Also, FYI I wouldn't have even brought it up if you weren't trying to tell other people they need to lower the weight and work on form. Heed your own warning."
On a cut 👀 that sounds like a cheat meal gaahdamn😂
Looking Great
"Holy shit, those quads are menacing"
"It's one of many factors in attraction. But saying it ""doesn't matter"" overall is just wrong.

Like take someone with zero muscle, and add 15 lbs of muscle on them (same BF%, same everything else as a person). I guarantee you they'll be seen as more attractive than their zero muscle version on average. 

It's just common sense."
"Couldn't agree more. And I'm a fan of Walker. I don't find him particularly aesthetic, but I love watching him train"
Anyone else irrationality loathe the people that wear a belt for every workout?
"You win the internet today, good sir"
You love to feel it
Congratulations brother!
"Agh see now that's a legitimate excuse for not doing legs! 

Bro but the V taper is the best I've ever seen! I'm still trying to figure out how you photoshopped it! Lol jk! Nice fucken work! 👌👍💪"
Bro you look amazing !! Can you please tell me your diet ???
"Thanks, I struggle 😂"
Guy has a sad life and nothing to do with his time so he keeps getting banned and making new dog themed accounts.
"So? Is that such a bad thing? Who else is asking the hard questions? Maybe I have a weird way of going about it but I do give a shit about helping people if they’ll help themselves. So if I ask like I did in yesterday’s DD what people’s excuses are, maybe it’ll force some perspective into people to think about their habits. If that helps one person change and reach a goal, isn’t that worth it?

One comment response I got was that a lot of people here have “paralysis by analysis.” There is a ton of overthinking going on regarding programming, diet, meal timing, getting 8.562 hours of sleep versus 8.713 hours of sleep, etc when all people really need to do is be consistent with their diet, train to failure for stimulation, not exhaustion, drink water, and sleep. 99% of them do not need to worry about so much because they aren’t competing at a high level. Most of them want to either bulk without getting too fat or cut to 10% and have some abs and veins show. There’s a small group of people here who do need to worry about the nuances because we get on stage.

Say what you want but not everyone here has an outlet in their personal lives to talk about some of this to people who understand it and don’t just smile and nod or have someone to ask them the right kind of questions.

Next time you want to say something, tag me in it directly."
Well then you are never coming out of restaurant depot. Meats and fish are high quality and cheap af.
Thank you!
Yh sure man
"They’re great for the purpose they serve. They have seaweed in them and are packed in water - they smell fishy when you open the package, but once drained they adopt the flavour of whatever you cook them with. I’ve personally found them to be a lifesaver when prep gets down to the wire with calories. I use them to make stir fry with chicken + peppers, etc."
Yeah man last weekend I had toxic farts for like 5 hours cause of that!
"Funny thing is cbum hardly ever trains abs, he just has very good ab genetics and they get hit from compounds"
Yeah his fans are all 16 year old dyel’s that think a 2 plate bench is unachievable naturally 🤷🏼‍♂️
"Tbh lmao she joined a pilates gym so I'll let it slide, but she might need Bumble BFF. Shit I might need Bumble BFF lmao

I live like right on the border of OC/LA! If you ever wanna get a session in let me know!"
"Thanks bro, still tryin to make them not a weak point lol"
Top shelf! Best ‘o luck!
This is such horse shit lmao. Explain exactly why a “flat” barbell curl grows the biceps better than a cable curl.
I mean they are hormones right? Im sorry about your body's reaction to it - id get with a TRUSTED medical proffesional to see what you can do
"Yeah more school definitely isn't the best thing ever, but it looks really interesting! As part of the apprenticeship is get to move around the company every few months so I'd get to do test engineering and soldering and production, so that looks really fun and interesting as well. Thanks man, it seemed to go quite well so I'm hopeful! Should have an update either this week or next for the DD."
nice
it doesn't matter you need to get strong at all rep ranges
"One of my favorite cutting meals is air fried chicken tendies.  Dredge the chicken in some egg/egg white, coat in panko, and then air fry."
"3200-3500, usually shit twice every morning. Once when I wake up, once after breakfast"
"Assuming your deficit is really reasonable and macro distribution is appropriate, following a program is A MUST when you're a beginner, you need a reasonable structure and weekly volume, so that you don't do too little nor too much.

You can head over r/fitness wiki and look at the programs available there, you should be able to find one that fits your needs. It sounds like you are doing way more than what your body is able to recover from."
Goal physique to be honest.
Nice physique. Solid. Thick. Tight. Keep us updated so we can see how much more thick solid and tight you can get
I've missed you bud
Autism and magic number powers that come with it
That’s interesting because I’m closing in on ten percent and all my body wants to do is sleep. It wants 9 hours a night minimum and tries its hardest to get a nap in the middle of the day. I also have to try not to fall asleep in the gym.
I think he looks amazing
"A pretty high one day fever, headache and fever"
The fuck are y’all doing depleting carbs 8 weeks out??? I have dudes eating 500g of carbs 6 weeks out
"Nsuns pulls like 700lb and pissed off a lot of runners too. I'm not particularly strong, have a 1.47 half marathon, 5k in the 20s. No reason why you can't train both, just make sure you eat enough to cover the cals lost from running. Cardio on seperate days or after lifting."
"10' in, still no signs of super powers"
"I mean, they’re not lying haha. Amphetamines are a sure fire way to drop weight quickly although it’s not going to be healthy weight loss"
I thought he was dead
"i dont think one is better than the other, only know what i preference. if someone can handle a steep deficit without going crazy or cheating on the diet a bunch from the hunger, id say that would be better. alternatively if they cant stand starving, a slighter deficit with 0 cheating would be better. the better choice is the one that youll stick to more than the other."
"I hurt my shoulder a while ago and am still working my way back up, super slowly with microplates, to my old strength levels.  My old max was 250 x 10.  Today I hit 226 x 12, 10, 7.  

I still have a long ways to go, but it's nice to be using 225 as my working sets again.  I don't feel entirely broken anymore."
"Oh ok I get what you’re saying now. It does give people a “false sense”, but I feel only when it shows unrealistic progress in short periods. Unless of course you’re saying all these bodybuilders are juicing, I wouldn’t be surprised, just a little disappointed."
"Sure, go ahead!"
"I mean idk you, but if you ever need someone to talk to feel free to message me. You can add me on IG too (checked more than Reddit) @measemode.fit

There’s always a light at the end of the tunnel"
"Gonna do some prison workouts this weekend boios, cuz I found my Insanity DVD. Gonna dig deeeeeep"
"Looking good just one tip, SMILE. You have a bomb smile and I promise it looks better than the pursed lips."
no way Iain is 5th
okay. thank you
"Anyone find it odd that r/fitness seems to think linear progression gains *run out* in like your first year of training? 

Some poor noobie will comment saying something stalled, of which there are so many variables at play, and immediately it's because they're not doing 5/3/1.

I feel like they really stress numbers and percentages above just training hard and consistently, feel bad for beginners over there."
You've been shitting on me all day on discord please dont bring it to reddit too
I appreciate it I’ve been going hard at it for 2 years diet and workouts on point... progress is slowing a lot not as easy as I thought it would be
"If it’s cause you’re hungry, just save some calories for something filling before bed."
"&gt; Gotta slow down the bulk, shame because food tastes good

oh I know that :)

How many calories are you bulking on, out of curiosity? You are 6'6"", man, the moment you put on some muscle you'll have to eat a shitton just for maintenance"
Youre like 30% bodyfat my bro. Youre looking at around 180-190 to be lean enough for another bulk
"A better pose would be front double biceps or most muscular so we can see your arms in full width. Although, slight muscle unbalances are quite common"
"If you like high intensity, DC training is traditionally 3 days a week"
Lol.
"That’s not that high, I take like 280. I hope it’s not that high."
Im no expert but that looks like what’s called “winged scapula”. Do some googling and you can find a lot on it and what exercises to do
A bulging disc is what I had as well. I found IMS needling helped a ton to get rid of the nerve pain shooting around.
"I'm glad you can tell hahah. Chest has always been weak for me. This cycle is gonna change that! 

Chest and lats all day baby"
"Looking full and dry, nice work!"
What the actual fuck😂
Looking like Arnie
"wouldn't say definitely, but those with god tier hairlines sometimes get away with it"
You’d be surprised by the touch of a bro…
"Yeah fair enough, I saw that Matt Jansen has Nick Walker hitting back 3x/week so I guess it’s definitely a good idea for some lifters."
"Salsa verde + chicken breast/thigh on low till cooked (4-6 hours), shred with forks. Serve on rice, potatoes, salads, etc.

Microblade shallots, garlic, lemon zest. Dice an onion, some mushrooms. Chop some carrots, celery. Add potatoes, chicken, homemade chicken stock, a bay leaf and a couple sprigs of thyme. Cook on low until potatoes are done. Add salt, pepper, chili powder to taste."
"Yeah I ask him what he has in a day and he tells me, we’re roommates too and he basically only eats in the dorm"
High top all day baby 😤
"same with bumstead, messed up kidney , keeps juicing"
Better to ask on r/fitness
"yeah, find what works for you

  I have done that to good effect also"
"I really like training with high intensity so everytime I try to train a program with 2 times a week for each body part, I end up feeling super fatigued all the time and get burnt out. Would it be better to do a classic kind of bro split and just destroy each muscle once a week or should I turn down the intensity and do twice a week? Thanks"
Super Narrow stance leg press fucking cranked my quads. Adding that shit in regularly.
"Whenever someone is stronger than us, steroids are always the answer.

And if you already take steroids, guess what? They take more, for sure!"
"I guarantee you if you ask anyone in any gym at any time if they work hard, they're not going to say that they come in and half-ass it. Does it mean they're actually working as hard as they could? Who the hell knows? But saying that you push very hard is meaningless to me.

It actually takes a good bit of practice to figure out what your limits actually are versus what you think that they are."
Thanks for the light roast . Im almost at 16 now lol
To be fair he didn't specify what competition he'll be competing in
Let me know how it goes. Good luck bro
Good. I recommend getting your money back as soon as possible.
Honestly I just can't afford a boxing gym/coach &amp; also I'm old now.
A decent person wouldn’t give a shit about that just like they wouldn’t give a shit about height though too.
"So the answer is yes. But do narrow stance squats/presses lead to hip pain? Maybe, probably definitely if you're not as flexible as you thought you were."
"I lifted 35 killoz for my seated dumbbell overhead press today for my first time
The gym was empty because it's Friday and no one witness my victory
So I'm braging with you 😂"
"I drink milk like every other day half a liter with chocolate powder thing. Makes it yummy.

So far im moving up in weight haven't stalled yet just hate being so bloated kinda and fulller than I'm comfortable with."
That sounds a bit miserable. You get a lot of steps?
More like 35 hehe
looking real good for a natty
Greece.. It kinda sucks but I've been working out at home since November so I'll give it a shot.
Oh hell yeah props to you bro
It was super close and in person they were almost identical. They did the final posing three times as Samson and Nathan were basically clones by the end.
"You answered it yourself bro, take an easy week and recover properly before you have a serious injury."
Yes lol
Cheers bro. Thanks for filling it out.
There's no hgh in any otc or online supplement youre buying.
What a fucking animal. Proud of you bro.
I dump all of the lettuce out and then fill the bowl with Reese's
I even think the face looks similar honestly
Did you rotate your hand or keep it straight? And did you lean back a little?
I obviously have no idea what I can achieve natty.
"Another one saved from the dark side. 

Impressive, most impressive."
"Let me know how dumb you are by trying to use pharmacology in your paragraph (you know, a big boy word trying to you know sound smart ig?) by trying to explain the idiotic idea that you have stored in that head or yours that primo has No SiDes"
"&gt; also do you guys like fouad's podcast?

Love the parts where they just shoot the shit, hate the parts where Fouad tries to explain anything, because a) he doesn't grasp the simple concept that just because something works doesn't mean there isn't a better way to do it and b) he keeps trying to connect things that just don't have a connection. He's on that ""low"" protein train now, and while I think it's great for him with his kidney issues, the amount of stuff that is now caused by high protein diets in his opinion is just... impressively high

I prefer the British group btw, for some reason Ben Chow is hilarious to me."
Damn he is buff as fuck. Seth is also not looking too shabby
"Good for you. Good for the dog.

Best form of cardio imo."
Yes I will take care next time.. My ego is just too high I need to fix that. Thank you very much for your reply and advice 🙏
Well I hope any &amp; every person that feels like us can improve their self perceptions
"Dear diary. I found my warrior spirit again, doing everything right as far as training/nutrition/cardio. Feels good when it all comes together. Had really just been hanging on trying to maintain past 6 months cuz of néw baby. Didn’t have this problem with first baby just cuz everything was so new, but when u have toddler and newborn thats a lot of action. Just felt low energy. Honestly haven’t been put it all together like this in a few years."
If he changes the haircut he wins instantly
"honestly I wouldn't bring it up at all unless she asks

  Be supportive and ask about her, but try not to make anything about you and your feelings regarding her.

  As fucked as it kind of is/sounds you're far more likely to attract her back if it seems like you're fine without her.  Doesn't mean you need to lie and be dishonest or anything, but don't go baring your soul about how much you've missed her and want her in your life etc."
"Growing up we were always naked in the locker room. I'm not sure what happened that made every guy so sensitive about it these days. Like bro.... just get changed, you don't need to hog the stall or create a barricade so nobody sees your dingle"
"Will you be fine? Sure. Will you be happy? Not unless you enjoy wondering if each and every fart you blow will be another dollop of soft shit in your pants. Some people like fecal play, maybe you like that. 

 If you can afford to blow cash on protein powder as your sole form of protein intake, I find it hard to believe you can't possibly afford alternative whole foods to meet your needs. Seems a lot more expensive to me, regardless of your demographic. Maybe there's a reason your strapped and can't afford other foods? Just speculating.

Report back 6 months after initiating your potentially powder-protein-only regimen and make sure you apologize to everyone you were an ass hat to after you blow your rectum outta your fucking ears."
Just curious what workout splits you are all running?
Just creatine baby if you count that
"Lol, yup. That’s the one"
"I get no mental benefits or joy out of going to the gym without really pushing myself, wouldn’t work for me. 

And who do you trust? Dorian Yates, Mike Mentzer, Dante T (who all advocate constant progression) or someone who’s never really had any great results. 

Btw I’m not saying either camp is wrong, I don’t know which method is most effective. But Claiming people who go to failure are morons is pretty rich though. Dorian says hi."
God like genetics**
"Thanks bro for the estimate, 7% is the minimum requirement, competition is in September, so I have little more than 7 months"
At the same time?... yeah dumb idea
Yes - ease back in and don't injure yourself early on. Ego at the door
Lmfao what bro
"Awesome, thanks! I wanted to ask you too but I already bugged you once today with the skincare question lol"
I love it~
Haha just building vericose veins
"I’m siding with the bf, even if he cheated. 

Aint no way in hell my wife (or girlfriend) is staying the night at some dudes place 🤣"
excited to bodybuild tomorrow. maybe fuck around and consume some macronutrients such as protein
"Roid anger, contest stress probably"
If like a chocolate leaning mint chocolate chip icecream.
Because it obviously makes you feel like shit and a healthy sex life is important for any healthy relationship unless you plan on becoming polygamous
"Happened to me on a cruise, scared everyone"
Yeah I just like… I’ve been out of the gym with a hurt back and my physique is turning to pudding so my self worth is already zero and now the first girl I’ve given a chance in literally a year is losing interest. I feel like a piece of shit man
"Doesn't seem to be on juice, so yeah, cool physique"
Highly recommend if you like chai. It’s good as a dirty chai too
Stop being such a soyboy and suck it up and get those break up GAINZ
That's surely gonna help OP build his forearms...
"If possible I'd avoid protein bars honestly. Of 220 calories those have, only 84 come from protein, I'd rather have a sandwich for example, which is also more filling. Although at least the ones you linked don't use some shitty protein source."
A biopsy of what lol
Neutral feels the best for me for sure
"Nope, but his body was ready for weigh in a week before the show so he didn't need to do crazy stuff like a heavy dehydration to be able to fit in"
Christ man you’re huge
"Pick what you care about more and train for it. Do you care about increasing your 1rm and only want to look kinda good? Strength train. Do you care about looking good and are okay with only adding 5lbs to your lifts every few weeks, then bodybuild. Power building is a waste of time unless you are so seriously invested in both powerlifting and bodybuilding to the point where you have to do both. In most cases, you usually only care more about one thing than the other. And that doesn’t mean you won’t get strong while bodybuilding or you won’t get big from powerlifting, it’s just about maximizing your potential for your goal and not wasting time in the gym."
Oh shit never knew that video existed lmao
"Sink’s clogged, thanks."
"Man, I usually would save it for when I clock in but I farted and a little bit too much came out. Time to invest in some adult diapers, I suppose."
"Thank you. I didn't want to push too hard again, over reach, and then deal with the injuries during my cut like I did before. I appreciate the reassurance. Is the deload still beneficial if I don't need it for recovery sake, but because I'm following my program?"
"Don't just eat, track what you eat like you have OCD and make sure you're not eating just 900 calories on days you're ""not hungry"""
"Method to his madness and you should stick to whats written imo.

But from a bbing context if you arent feeling a movement its probably a waste of time"
Thanks bro. I hope he's still Killin it up there
Look at that ass
How’s that been? Any noticeable benefits? I been wanting to try it but love jerking my horn too much lol
"In love with my body. Not there yet, but getting there.

Best thing yet, I get to drink a 40 oz beer on my test day and not feel bad since I know how to fit it in my macros

Edit: rest not test"
"Why are you worried about other people using straps? 

110 is such an arbitrary number.

Why do i need to get my grip strength up? I’m trying to build muscle not be good at holding on to shit"
Thanks man
"Yeah, as I have mentioned I am still a noob in this here and there xD. Thanks."
Lol
"Funny enough I was thinking about that book earlier. Haven’t read it in probably a decade but McCarthy’s prose is just *so damn good* that whenever I’m working on my own writing I internally gush a little bit just thinking about it. Can say the same for Robert Jordan, whose *Wheel of Time* series is what I decided to pick up again."
Yeah you’re right. I just meant that there are a lot of guys that have had bigger biceps than Arnold over the years just due to how much bigger guys have gotten. Arnold’s are still one of the best though
"I have zero experience with this injury, but if you don’t mind me asking- what were you doing when you tore the pec? What exercise, weight, set, reps?

Either way, wishing you a speedy recovery."
yep
"Bruh if someone was like ""i've been fat for 20 years now so I'm sure the damage is irreversible"" this sub would collectively call out bullshit, this is no different"
"Thanks man, I do speak to someone regularly and it helps 🤗"
The pump is sick
I just want a back like a barrel of snakes.
Ho Ho Ho I want calves
"You seem pretty knowledgeable about this, but (unless I missed it) you didn’t talk about the synergy between GH and slin.  My understanding is that, while both are useful in isolation to some degree, they shine exponentially when used together.  Any chance you can explain that in the same comprehensible style?"
Oh my God. People are literally the worst
oh shit
"Wake up, smash some pre, realize how angry you are waking up at 2am on the way to the gym, smash shit.

You usually get wired after your first couple of sets, its like taking a cold shower."
Lmao
No problem man)
Before covid I bulked and cut 35 lbs in 9 weeks which got me super lean - this time my body is slower on average so I thought 1 year of inactivity &amp; maybe an issue with my arms. I just thought some of you might knew reasons behind extra stubborn water retention in such body parts.
"Honestly just pathetic. Guy must have a massive ego and 0 pride in himself or the legit work it took to get where he is (with gear of course). He could be a great inspiration, but instead he chooses to be a greedy little slimeball"
My god I hope Jake Paul gets knocked out
"It's ok man, nothing to be sorry about :)"
"Dude's nuts, he wouldn't not go to the gym immediately after back surgery."
I laughed
Hibernating mate 😉cheers babes
Did you read my comment dude? Lol
Dillet certainly stood out from the crowd that's for sure lol
Yeah i've been lifting for a bit. i'm on the slow journey to 180 lbs
"Yeah this. I went into a show thinking I'd bulk and cut for the next show 7 months later... nowhere near big enough. Take 2yrs off and bulk so that you're barely coming in stage weight limit, no point in putting on 2-3lbs per year when you can knock it all out in one go."
"Bonus:

Want to know how Big Ramy won the Mr O after coming in like 3rd at the Arnold last year?

[https://youtu.be/HctPTugeK9Q?t=141](https://youtu.be/HctPTugeK9Q?t=141)

He's first into the pose, holds it a long time, breathing in check. Muscle did not fade.

This is how Ramy won. Watch the link, i set it at the time so you can easily compare with Phil and the other top 5."
Wow. Yeah no. Maybe when shitloading lol
Maybe the chick doing hip abductions in the corner had something to do with it
"It doesn't matter, what does matter tho is the type of food and how long it takes you to digest it, better to get all your carbs and protein around pre and post workout, but not right before you workout unless its fast digesting like a protein shake or smoothie otherwise might make you feel sluggish but 1 hour before it's good time load up on some carbs and protein to fuel you through your workout"
"No, it's not. And not being satisfied with what you see in the mirror can also be a motivator not just a dysmorphia catalyst"
"Arms and shoulders perfect, chest needs some improvement after the show is done."
It’s a freak show that we’re all here for bro. I think Ramy’s physique is ugly as hell but his muscularity is hilariously undeniable.
Whatever makes my workouts take about an hour :/
"We look at ass, face and tits becuz that's how we evolved and that's how we choose a mating partner.. Duh"
Thanks man!
I've never even heard of wellness till now.
Rest in peace John.
I was at a 5-year-old birthday party this weekend and you could see the natural athletic differences between 5-year-old boys. Made me realise just how much you're born with it or not.
Or your shits will sound like two-stroke engine being waterboarded with the solidity of cottage cheese.
Increase calorie intake by 3x
"Yeah, 180cm to be exact"
No problem!
Nah I was an obese fuck at 15. Started losing weight at 16 and by Sophomore year of College I was 179 and skinnyfat (6'1). Then I started lifting and that's all she wrote.
"Anyone got EAAs they like? Yes, I know EAA/BCAAs are mostly bs, but plateauing this cut so imma throw in some fasted cardio in the morning and don’t mind paying 30 bucks even if it’s just placebo. Plus Meadows is pretty big proponent of them."
"Awesome pics. Great size. Look thick. Solid. Tight. Keep us all posted on your continued progress with any new progress pics or vid clips. Show us what you got man. Wanna see how freakn' huge, solid, thick and tight you can get. Thanks for the motivation."
Ah yes so pretty much what I assumed. Thanks mate
"Stop flexing, you're going to set the lunk alarms off!"
"Have you ever read any articles about dead hanging from a bar? At least 3 times a day for 30 seconds or more, it has almost completely fixed my shoulder pain similar to what you describe. It sounds too simple, but there are tons of articles online about it. I’m not sure how to link anything but google around about it."
I've been taking it for years and I'm scared to stop lol.
No you're pretty bb
"It's from a torn pec injury when I was younger. I will say this is my very first round of posing 7am checking in with my coach, after a few rounds it fixes itself especially after I start to connect with my muscles better."
"I can always count on you to give me a good answer and you'll never sugar coat anything lol 

But for real though age must be it, it's literally the only thing that's different about me and my routines. I guess I always assumed younger guys get acne and I wouldn't have to worry about it."
"Maybe for the mental health gains? But it sounds pretty lax to me, I’d rather just try to build healthy habits. It’s not just black or white (binge eat and laze or track and workout with extreme OCD), OP sounds like they’re still trying to find their middle ground."
What in the fuck is going on with his nips
"Deadlifted 275lbs for 10 today. Definitely nothing crazy. Also it was trap bar. Once upon a time last year I hit 370lbs for 3 on conventional, but after dealing with some injuries I've decided to switch over to trap bar as I ultimately don't think I'll ever compete. Also completely reworked my form and now finally get the cues of the DL in terms of actually pressing your feet (I swear I never used to use leg drive in the DL). Feels a lot better and I'm pumped about trying to move towards 405 again."
Good job. Keep eating and lifting. You'll make it.
"I second the amazing stainless steel saute. A very good addition to the pan/pot line up.

Gotta mention the OG cast iron. You can't do acidic sauces like my stainless but you give a better sear"
"Lats. Your upper back looks good, but you have no lats. Eat. Lift. Rest. Repeat."
Clean your room bucko!
2 months to June. Time to get huge in 8 weeks and impress everybody on the beach.
"15.5-16, nah she kept using the other one then eventually switched it out cause it kept having issues or something"
I don't even use shaker bottles :/
Good for you! Muscle Media was my favorite magazine. Especially the first few years. It seemed more genuine than any Men’s Health or any of the Wieder magazines.
"Gym girls in leggings be like:

“Oh shit someone sat down on a machine near me, better face directly away from him and bend over at the waist right in front of him over and over”"
Sounds like Gildan
That is so bad 😔
Nice
"I work in a company with an absolute cunt of a guy who figures the more hours you spend at work the better of a person you are for it. 

I do the standard 8h a day, 5 days a week and OT When asked, same as everyone in my Dept. Yesterday this dipshit comes over to help clean and starts laying into me about how when my dog was sick (vomiting blood) he 'had' to make supplies for my Dept (we were fine) and that he's the only one who cleans a specific area when he really isn't. 

He tells me I'm not taking care of my shit etc and I'm in charge of my Dept. Yeah, I am. And it's fine without him. 

I signed up for OT today and it turns out were working together now and I've barely slept because all I can think about is knocking his fucking teeth down his throat. Fuck sakes. 

How do you deal with entitled co-workers who think they're you're manager?"
"look at all the top strongmen they average like 6'4"" or something like that"
Should look like Jay cutler in a year or two. Just go easy on the protein powder.
"discover you're gay, problem solved."
Hide your grandma
"Just do it within a rep of failure, difference between reps is pretty negligible if you hold intensity constant imo"
"Mate I sweat like an absolute pig at the gym, and I definitely don't have to take them off to wipe them down as often as I normally would. So I'd say it does pretty well!"
"Cheated on my diet.

It was pathetic.

Oats, protein mug cake, protein toast, bagels and light cheese….

Who cheats at 2am when dominos is closed -.- 

Tbh I’m glad I only had clean options, but still managed to gain 5lb.

Coach was super understanding and luckily as everyone here constantly points out I’m ahead of schedule so it just means one less planned reefed.

Onwards and upwards, still took 7 months to go off plan so that’s a W

[edit: here’s before and after, took the before bc I thought I looked pretty lean ironically](https://imgur.com/a/wPIaqI9)"
Ya but which compound exercises are good for obliques? One handed suitcase carry? Pole dancing?
"M8. No salt seasoning has a bunch of stuff in it like basil, parsley, thyme, onion... really good on anything and ESPECIALLY chicken 

Garlic salt so I get the salt aspect in along with garlic"
There ya go bro. Glad to hear it!
"It’s crazy how much it swings too, even into your mid 20s. My first test was borderline low so I asked an endo what to make of it, they had my take another a week later and it was a smidge above average 🤷‍♂️ 

There was that case of those buzzfeed guys who did a test and one of them got like 220 ng/dl which probably should have an endo look a little more closely at it, but I would guess that’s probably on the uncommon side even with the male average on a slight decline.

Tl;dr the doctor is your friend"
"Miracle bear, not bar."
Damn man you look great!
Best gym shorts on Amazon?
What Rich did to maintain size is not what Rich did to apprehend that size
Hes a fucking fitness influencer person. I dont know if that's the right term but you serisouly think someone who's lively hood is working out doesnt work out their abs? Are you dumb?
"Don't go for the clit right away, build tension"
"I think the best way to increase grip strength is just heavy dumbbell farmer’s carries. I try to do a few sets at the end of workouts 1-2 times a week. Bonus: I do shrugs with the dumbbells as well so it’s a trap and forearm workout.

Can also do overhand grip barbell holds since it’s basically the exact thing that you want to improve on"
are there any studies on boofing this in ur ass
"We got a good number of australians hidden throughout here, I keep seeing 13oz in here all the time though"
Yes that is indeed how math works bro. I've been gaining doing like 3.5 hours of cardio a week and one of them is a 8-9 mile run. Keeping up the stamina is a good idea for your heart and it'll make cutting easier too!
"got it, thanks!"
All of them fake height
"Thanks man, youre like the DDs dad always giving out good advice lol. Youre probably right with time apart during work being important tbh, Ill just have to wait for in office work resuming to see if thats the case."
That's true. Over the years and months I've posted far and wide. This place makes me feel like I'm less in the pit. 🤷‍♂️
First ones true. There’s was an article I read that states that a new study shows that the reason muscles grow isn’t the amount of tester one but rather the androgenic receptors. Best explained by the key and lock analogy. No point of having all these keys if there’s a limited amount of locks. Some people simply have more locks.
Never let your SO convince you to go on vacation where you will be the only dude there. Rookie mistake on my part.
anyone else feel like you have aged 20 years in the past few years?
"Wrong sub, maybe post this in the daily discussion"
Yeah a little. Was really expecting him to say that he’s not on creatine either
Yeah I really dont get the point either.  Tf are you doing that you need to be pressing 1k+
"No no. So most other cultures besides westerns sorry not most healthier have a x3 faster transit speed. 13 hrs mouth to anus. On avg more western countries have a 100hr transit time. You eat 5 times a day and dont have a bowel movement 5 times a day those other meals are sitting inside you. Say you go 3 times a day you got 2 extra meals sitting each day. 

Depending on how slow someone's bowels is. Upping nutrients that most are low in that speeds up intestinal contractions is my go to. Such as really upping potassium. 

Other approach is a light laxative as needed a good 10 days out so you can ease into it and really see whats all.inside you of excess weight. 

It's good to eat more foods that clear you out regularly too so you know where you really stand during your cut and off season. Most everyone I see after having em go more regularly are carrying always 10plus lbs easily. You know Elvis died with extra 30lbs of waste inside him lol."
"It’s usually damn I looked ripped and my muscle look huge.  Then, after I look at a mirror selfie, it’s like ohhh… never mind I’m still small."
"&gt; Matt heckler

Not sure if this is the same guy but his email is here 

https://www.mattheckler.com/contact"
"Caloric burn aside, it's pretty inconvenient for the average person. I'd much rather just pop out the door for a run and be back home in half an hour."
I loved Dexter but it has to have one of the worst endings in tv show history
"No, but now I am undiluted headed down that YouTube rabbit hole 😂"
Underdeveloped hamstrings. My quads are good though
Congrats!! You look awesome! 🥰🥰
Like a second bicep exercise
Living in a 3rd world country sucks man. It's so hard to afford nutritious food. I recently got a job tho. I be able to do serious bodybuilding finally &lt;3
Save the witty stuff for the new one so you can maximize karma farm.
"Wow, you’re really clever."
why the hell would you wanna lose muscle from your legs?
"That’s fucking great to hear. Good shit man.

I’d bet you got 365-385 max, if that matters to you.

Squatted yesterday and you’re making me want to squat again tomorrow fuck"
After 6 months in the gym I still look like a fucking twig.
"Oh man, it’s cringe for sure! 😬 but that’s really cool that you see him around. Very hard to miss, I’m sure!"
Getting stronger while in a deficit is such a good feeling
i feel like i’ve been on pause since freshman year because of injuries i had to quit all my sports. i’ve been back lifting for awhile with a good diet i know what i’m doing when it comes to natural building and i’m seeing gains. i’m now almost ending junior year and some of my buddies (big college recruits) are starting to take them while i’m just getting off pause. that’s my reasoning to it i know i’m young and should push my genetic limit further but i feel as though i need to make up for those lost two years and the more i look into ostarine the more benefits i see.
"the title automatically gives away its fear mongering? 

&gt; bodybuilding-steroids-testicular-damage-study-wellness/index.html"
"Thanks man! I did it two days in a row and it worked really well. Back day I was done in under 50 min but almost died, very intense. For sure I will day tomorrow on leg day"
You should be good to keep bulking for a little while.  Definitely not too fat yet.
sweet bro.
"You haven't reached your goal, progress isn't slowing and you aren't getting any negative sides associated with a prolonged deficit. Why would you stop bb?"
Happy Friday!! Go get those gains!
"Actually, I adjusted it agian. I'd like to ask what you think:

Day 1: BP, OHP Acce: Row, Tricep any, BIcep any, side laterals

Day 2: Squat, Dead Acce: Lunges, RDL

Day 3: Bench, incline Bench Assitance: Row Tri any, BI any, facepulls

day 4: Dead, squat Acce: side Lat Raise, rear delt flys, lat pulldown"
Ive seen worse this just plays into the whole break up gains meme
"I've read it goes away on its own in like 3 months and that direct sunlight helps (tanning) helps shorten it..

But until then I get to deal with giant red patches all over my torso"
"Can't wait to gym bully as soon as the gyms open on Monday.

For months, the weak have not feared the strong.

That will change soon..."
If you want some healthy food porn they’re indulgebypalazzo on IG. I don’t believe they ship tho :/
What happened to his dog? That's awful. My dog is 3 too and that's my worst nightmare
"Oh yeah. But that shouldn’t surprise anyone. I also find it…I don’t know if the word is “annoying,” but maybe “sad” when people who have been competing for years make posts with very little improvement over what should be expected in that timeframe."
Thank you DD elder 🙏
I love him
What aren’t you happy with about your face?
Yes daddy
Wow great increase in size in your last and quads.  You might have a new fan...☺️
"Man I love giving simple advice on r/fitness as it feels nice when someone learns something (simple stuff) and seems appreciative of it.

but damn I need to stop bothering trying to talk about MMC, that sub fucking hates any mention of it, even something as harmless as suggesting a John Meadows video to help with targeting lats. No wonder when they post physiques their backs are usually lacking the most."
Warm up with leg extensions.
"Is the bench/rack fucked up? If so can you put something underneath it to help level it out? Sometimes even a folded up piece of cardboard is all it takes.

You should work on bracing yourself with your feet more, that might help you even things out a bit as well. Make sure you're retracting your scapulae evenly too."
"He’s so symmetrical, great shape"
"Lighting was better back then too. Guys like Dorian like to run with the idea that conditioning was so much better back then, to inflate their own achievements."
"I love and hate that sub. The ocean fascinates me due it's sheer size and complexities, but also terrifies me because of the same reasons. And that the water itself can kill you very quickly with like, and undertow or rip current haha."
"literally a life role model, his story is amazing"
"Shit humor is the nectar of life yo.

And zinc."
I like the haircut
"Sorry hehe

The gold is a kinda pina colada flavor? 

I don’t know how to describe it but it tastes like the pina colada bang flavor"
No matter what it is better than doing nothing so get to it
absolute genetic gift. if this dude keeps at this and takes his off seasons seriously imagine what he’d look like in 5 years. he already had really good shape and flow and his proportions are great
Lmao this one always gets me. “Bro rows grew my back like crazy!” Like you fucking water head you don’t think he’s tried that?? And it’s never big dudes offering the advice either.
"To be fair, most powerlifters need at least 10 sets to do more than 23 reps. /s"
"No over text, she wasn’t with me lmao."
"Nice bro, can't wait till i get mine, rollout been slow as fuck here."
"This is wonderful progress! You may be nearing the upper limit of your ""Newbie"" gains. You'll plateau at some point, I'd recommend you incorporate Atlas stones and keg tosses into your routine. You'll be giving Bjorn a run for his money soon!"
Strange flow but still a mad physique
Looking fucking solid man!
"Thanks. I jumped into the conversation too quickly with a useless addition.   
  
I also def confused you with another dude, lol. You weren’t condescending. All good, dude."
You know you like a chick when she makes you almost as happy as a pump
What does a dude this big look like in the off-season?
Haha good one!!
My city will pay you to get the license and lifeguard. Check around your area for sweet gigs like that
Why you guys always out there starving yourselves? Unless you're like 3 or 4 weeks out you shouldn't be feeling that deprived lol
"You struggle with the same thing I do on legs, intensity.  You look like you easily have a few reps in the tank.  Bench looked easy too"
"My friend I would like to prepose a question. Do you have any knowledge of transportation measures in the deepest part of the ocean? 

Also when the mind goes blank would you indeed state that it is a cold spell of the brain?"
Hopefully no one gets boned by gym closures for Christmas.
"Thanks guys, appreciate the advice and support"
Pudding mix. Please try it.
"I guarantee you don’t know why I’m getting a dog, or how I’m looking. I can also guarantee you I’m not searching for a designer dog or to look cool though. 

Dude asked the budget I’d be willing to spend and I responded."
You’re addicted to some really lame shit. Coffee and vodka? Psshhh
"Of course, I acknowledge there are arguments on both sides. But to many its recognized as a sport so I called it so in my comment"
Thank you!!
"He was a fuckwit incapable of coherent thought juiced up to the gills, who abused steroids like madman. He never fucken said anything even remotely similar to this. Only degenerates are admiring this dickhead ."
"Yeah they absolutely do, for the most part it is openly discussed, mainly because there’s no point denying it or trying to hide it. Although for sponsorship reasons some might not come out and openly say it"
"I agree, it's tough and a careful balance, but I think it can be managed. It sucks that performance enhancing drugs are so taboo even now. Especially with the hypocracy of so many supplement companies trying to sell their products by advertising potential gains comparable to the best of gear. These days, it feels like there are a lot of people who want steroids but hate the word. Call it Hyperbolic Explosion Intraworkout and they're all over it if they promise 10lbs of muscle and 20% on your lifts, despite zero medical oversight, but if you call it a steroid, it's cheating."
NSAIDs mostly. Moving around helps some too.
That's seems pretty common in men. Low-key envy those who have even distribution tbh haha.
"Yep. Shorter hair is a pain in the ass; the shorter you have it, the more often you have to get it cut. It’s annoying and inconvenient, and if you’re too busy to get it cut then you just have to deal with your hair not looking good for a few weeks. Plus whatever product you might need to style it. It’s not easy! Long hair is easy; roll out of bed, wet it, comb it, done. Tie it up if it’s in your way."
"I love the quad activation and pump from hack squats, but I'll be damned if it isn't the most unfun exercise."
"Maaan it’ll be worth it, my gf is loving it. We’re about 20 more episodes till we start shippuden"
"Thank you very much for your comment, i will definetly continue growing, i have only trained seriously for half a year, so i value every information i can get 😊"
shit on windscreen
Glad to know I’m not the only one
"That’s exactly what is it. Relax a little and it should let your lats open up a bit. Imagine trying to mimic a turtle’s shell, but not as drastic."
Honestly. I’d say somewhat yes. At first my kick accuracy dropped but now since I’m back at practicing three-four times a week my shots probably at the best it’s ever been
Relax that back shoulder on the side chest. Looking great brother! Good luck!!
Is it weird that this works for me (with psyllium husk of course)
How do I fix a lat imbalance. I ignored it for a while and now the difference is super noticeable one side is a wing and the other is a dyel lat
"This is what happens when you isolate people for months and then they have to get used to the usual social stuff that they forgot that annoyed them. Nevertheless, it must be tiring to always be concious whether or not people are acknowledging your presence. Should have just shrugged it off and get on with the set. And if it really bothered you, just ask them politely to move for the next one. They'd probably be happy to get a selfie out if it and life goes on. It's a public gym, not an exclusive home gym."
Shaw won. The lady on the left. And your absolutely right. I believe she won because of how shredded she is.
"""I have no credibility or credentials, but here is an arbitrary quote from a fake client to prove I'm legit"""
For the most part yes I just feel a little naked lol
why are these guys always fun sized?
"yeah im pos

HIV POSITIVE"
sounds like a win though?
Yeah frick off Henry Cavill. Vegan superman is taking your place.
Pretty much a perfect physique. Amazing.
"Damn, that back"
Great job brother! Stay consistent!
Yes first break is around 11pm second break is around 6am
"Yeah I wasn’t really complaining about the furry, was just odd. His shirt said “fur-scule” or however you’d spell the word furry put together with the word muscle. I tried not to stare"
"And that ""normal"" dude is in better shape than 80% of people.

There should be a third slide at the beginning of him standing next to people who don't lift."
"What are safe roids for someone 47yo? Something that deinitely helps put on mass quick, but isnt so intense it causes heart or brain issues?

Also how do I tell if what Im sold is genuine?  


Im after my first natural peak bulk before I start, or should I start any time?"
"To avoid making things complicated, legit mental illness."
I hate the division and partisanship between the two subs
ok seriously though did it really have cocaine in it?
Does a natty classic competition seem like something that would be feasible within 12-18 months?
Yes. The bottom of a rep is where your shoulders are under the most stress. Bands make it so there’s less tension at the bottom and more at the top. Reverse banding moreso than regular banding.
That sounds like a dope hobby
Good job dude
"Pretty good point. ""Plus now he's walking around wearing a shirt with our shops name and logo plastered across the chest."""
"Shoutout to everyone on this forum!! thanks to all your advice, I finally hit my goal of 240 g protein for the first time LOL. Gonna keep portioning like I did today to continue hitting it. Drinking lots of water too. 

LETS GET THESE GAINS NOW 💪💪💪"
Probably far from 50/50 but trap bar Deadlifts maybe
How much weight gain do you aim for per month when bulking?
"So in your experience, training while sore is beneficial?"
Are you a troll or just retarded?
Didn’t know he was 43... this gives me hope to get back into shape after this Covid 20
"That’s strong!

My best bench accomplishment was when I pushed 325 around 220 body weight. And I did 225 when I was 225 for about 20 reps.

But seeing as I didn’t bench for years and I wanted to go to a gym an max today I won’t know what I can do today. I bet with a good warm up I could be at 205-225 still. But I probably couldn’t do reps of 225, it would take a few weeks"
"I'm gonna try it, thank you very much"
"Love magnus videos, he's a really cool guy."
Thank you!!
I wonder what you would care about
avoid high fodmap foods
"Strength &amp; Mass coach here. Your program sounds horrible tbh mate. I'd suggest looking up Mark Rippetoe's book Starting Strength, and look at Dr. Israetel's lectures on hypertrophy principles and build your programming understanding from there. For the record though: No to seven days a week. 4-5 is usually good for most people.

DM me if you want some playlists and such."
"From the comparison photos it seems like Iain wasnt fully in the pose in his back lat spread, abs and thighs and back double bicep. Not the fairest comparison IMO, also you have to take into account Iain is 3 inches taller, so even though Nick looks way bigger in these comparisons, when they're next to eachother it's not going to be AS drastic (Nick still 100% beats him on mass though). 

Honestly really looking forward to seeing them on stage next to eachother at some point, hopefully Iain wins Tampa or Texas and we get to see it. I think for now we'll just have to agree to disagree lol. I appreciate the healthy debate though, you can call me out when Nick absolutely mogs him at the olympia."
"Definitely, check my other comment for some ideas but I think way too many people who complain about not seeing their forearms grow simply just don’t work them out enough m."
"The sub transitions a lot, seems like we are now sliding into nattyorjuice season with a splash of ""Lets fix the IFBB with magical money no one has"""
"With the addition of new LEDs and some nasty downlighting on Friday, a leg press/hack squat yesterday, and a few hours of rearranging today I can comfortably say the garage gym is complete. About 10k in the hole and worth every penny"
"Thanks for the reply, sounds like you've got it down. Keep it up! I've been out of the gym since covid, still got muscle left but really need to get back into it. I've been mulling over how to get back into it aside from just doing it."
More time under tension?
Bruh your moving more doing shit using more calories so you need to replenish. Cmon mr o get your shit together
"That’s interesting, I was actually wondering the other day how “authentic” it was. I mean obviously they turn it up to top notch for entertainment purposes. But it’s kinda cool that it’s pretty accurate"
How fit were you a week before the picture was taken? Trying to learn more about defining my body.
"oh my god *of course* it has brown butter frosting, this is shaping up to be the perfect cake recipe imho"
Dark Energy is kaput.  Shut down. Looking forward the best alternative.
"This is an important issue, and my comment will most likely be buried. I’m a therapist that has expertise in eating disorders and body image issues, especially in men. 

What is difficult about body/muscle dysmorphia in our (bodybuilders) case is that: a) it’s a sport/hobby/lifestyle that inherently relies on the body and it is composed (as opposed to having a hobby where one isn’t constantly looking their body); and b) if you are looking at competing - even if just for fun - then you are introducing the aspects of judgement and evaluation, and comparison to others. 

The best thing to do, is to remind yourself of your victories. Imagine a trophy case in your mind where you can place your achievements. Among them, include your strength gains; the positive comments from friends, family, lovers, etc.; your own observations. Think of those achievements, especially when you are feeling down about your body. 

Does it sound cheesy? Yes. Does it work though? Yes,
But slowly. Much like weightlifting and bodybuilding, changing those thoughts/feelings can take time, and you have to be consistent. 

The other aspect is reminding ourselves that even though our goals are important, they do not define us. When I work with people (especially athletes) that tie their very being with their sport, we spend a lot of time on balancing the importance of the goals with the worth of the person. It is very easy to tie your own sense of self worth to your body. But even if you don’t get the gains you were hoping for (whether real or perceived), you still have worth. 

The dysmorphia is linked to an idea that says “I do not count unless I look like ______.” And the goal keeps moving. “I don’t matter unless I’m the biggest guy at the gym.” You do achieve that, and then it becomes “the I don’t matter unless I’m the biggest guy at ‘that other gym’” and so on. 

How do you counter that? By recognizing your victories, progress, and other worthwhile aspects (the trophy case). 

It takes time and can be managed. It has to be a priority though and when you are in it (or at least, when I am in it), it is hard to see anything else, BUT, it can be changed!"
It could be. How long were you in a deficit? Are you fats at least kept above the minimum to retain sex hormone balance?
"Thanks man!! Yeah I loved it, amazing story!"
"I’m not upset, i just like arguing with people tbh lol

It gets a bit tiresome arguing with someone that is either incapable or just refuses to use his brain though 🤷🏼‍♂️

I don’t really care which vibe i’m giving off aslong as it’s not the 16 year old tiktok fuckboy vibe you’re giving off"
Hammer curls and heavy ez bar helped me a ton
"Honestly, learning how to train on a John Meadows program is the best way to do things imo. Run one of his lower volume programs, something like CD2, and then gamma bomb will allow you learn programming at different volume/intensity thresholds and see what you like the best. I used to be a high volume guy, but after running JM programming I find lower volume with all tops sets to failure and back off sets with intensifies on big body parts if I feel up to it is ideal for me in terms of volume load/recovery/personal enjoyment."
It looks like he could work on his posing. It looks like Rami is doing a much better job of it in this photo.
"Are decline presses important? I don’t have them in my routine but my dad loves them and does them every day, and his chest is huge, but he also does incline and normal."
"Hit 10-12% and you'll get a better view. I'm not trying to be mean, but as everyone else has said you are well above 20%, possibly closer to 25"
raphael b shook
I 100% disagree it’s becoming a mass show... if it was then Terrence sure as hell wouldn’t have gotten second.
Why are you stealing [Russell Westbrook's idea?](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FCHETouVcAAR1ph.jpg)
Well I would hope so lol
Lol i dont know i was planning to do only 1 cycle
Fantastic progress. Excellent taper from lats to waist line. Keep it up and best of luck!
"Nooooo listen to him, you have to be a victim bro!"
I stopped watching after season 4 since something happens that I don’t want to spoil but I just couldn’t enjoy it anymore. Such a good series for the first 4 seasons tho
Yes this took alot of work and steroids contributed to that
"Man this country is retarded. We currently have around 16% unemployment rate (40% in the &lt;25 age group), thousands of small companies have closed, and what is the government planning to do? Increasing the tax rates for self employed workers by a fuckton, up to 55% for the highest tax bracket.

This government was also the one who said ""we aren't going to increase taxes for working and middle class"". They're also planning to put tolls in almost all roads. Fuck them."
Was definitely ready sooner than I needed to be. I over dieted some so I was a bit flat a week out
"That definitely helps haha here in Spain we haven't even vaccinated all people over 70-80 y.o. so imagine, I only hope that summer can be somewhat normal. Right now in the ""state"" I live we have curfew from 10pm to 6am, there is a town level lockdown in most towns, we can't get into groups of more than 4 people, you can only be sitting in a table in bars and within at least 1.5m of any other tables... Sucks quite a bit haha."
"Another advantage of the slow gain, being able to see where the fat is accumulating.

Take regular progress pictures for yourself so you can see the changes.

Ultimately the specific amount of gain back will be what you are comfortable with/want."
"Lol, caught me of guard."
I am for sure just a mediocre pro. I have a long ways to go!
"Mike's living the life, if he only stopped bullshiting about being natty"
"You look great! I think your proportions are good, you just need to improve your arms and back (improve width)."
Thank You :)
Girls be like: Nice abs!
This sounds like something elliot hulse would say if he had a healthy number of brain cells.
"Better pose, with better lighting, without filters would make it a bit easier. Wrong sub though…"
"Not an answer, but quad damn."
[gg and goodnight. smooches to your loved ones ya rat bastaud] (https://imgur.com/a/IlSgkeX)
"I've been throwing together a pretty hefty smoothie:

* 8oz unsweetened almond milk
* Protein powder (I use a pod from XS sports nutrition, but use your serving)
* 2T plain yogurt
* 1T psyllium husk powder
* 1T chia seeds
* 2 raw eggs
* 2oz mixed berries

Comes to about 500 KCal and it'll keep you through to lunch"
"No it's too early to live together. However, if she needs some time away from her family, you can let her stay over. Just watch out, that can easily turn permanent, set your boundaries"
"You don’t want colon cancer. 

Fiber literally cleans you out and significantly reduces the risk of colon cancer."
"You can use literally whatever you’d like, blender bottles are just efficient."
It really definitely isn’t.
"Nice, looks like the opposite, no veins, I wasn’t aware everything was a competition. 

If an overweight person posted a progress pic, would people make fun of that person?"
"Ok, that body, that smile and he paints...girls be melting."
Flex is my favourite bodybuilder. Love a physique with huge forearms and calves
"stay safe man, you'll get those gains back."
"Off topic, but I'm curious what growing up in post-internet era is like.

A simple google of, is santa real?, what's a boner?, list of bad words, big boobs, etc.

By middle school, you've got to have enough resources to buy a &lt;$75 used phone/tablet/laptop to hide from your parents and have unlimited access.

There's no way you can successfully censor stuff as a parent, just gotta show the goods &amp; bads and hope your kids choose well. It's nice to have a polite society &amp; not curse in front of kids(:"
"Would not do it after this first show! Thank you for the advice, following that subreddit now."
Jose Maria Mete Bueriberi is fucking GREAT looking is what happened. Although I think he looked better than 2nd.
GameStop went crazy today. I’m pretty new and bought a couple hundred shares of clean energy stocks. Made $1000 today. Joe Biden’s plans on expanding on the clean energy sector will shoot those stock prices up.
"plus she didn't post anything about his death either, so maybe she's just trying to distance herself from everything Shawn..."
"Has great genes sure but also gets paid millions to work out as much as needed, never needs to cook for himself, and has the best training/coaching money can buy. 

Disagree strongly about top .1%, just has a ton of support and the drive/motivation to get huge to play Thor."
You really put things into perspective thanks for the help
"oh okay big man! maybe do some stretches. spider walks, pull aparts, and the one where u grip a pipe and go up down around ur body (u can also use a band)"
Yummy snack is right Rich
"Thanks, and yeah trying to get the best out of it, at least I expect to be ripped when this shit ends haha. Missing socializing too much tho."
Some of the most beautiful girls I've met were chubby
"yes, eat like a bodybuilder and adjust your calories based off your goals. numbers are literally numbers, its like asking if a 225lb bench is good. in general? meh. for a 15 yo 140lb kid? its fucking incredible. for all i know, your food choices are junk, your literally inactive outside the gym, or your hypothryoid. if your eating clean and making progress, your numbers are fine. if your not, change things"
"You should just compete because you want to do it. If money is your motivator, this ain't it. If you aren't willing or able to foot a $10k+ a year bill for gear, JUST gear, not anything else, just to take a shot at being a competitive pro, this ain't it. Notice I said COMPETITIVE pro. Plenty of guys are out there who are good enough to turn pro but not good enough to be a competitive one."
The detail in his back is ridiculous.
"If you have to ask questions like this, you should just run a John Meadows program."
Because I appreciate natural body building and I like make fun of steroid junkies. This form has tons of natural body builders on it.
"Man, I get the worst migraines from Yohimbine for some reason. Looking solid though man. Thick ass chest and overall fullness"
Thank you!
I wish.
What a brave and controversial opinion
Ok
Thanks I'll take your advice. Have you found much improvement since seeing the physio?
Can I get some suggestions for a good creatine that will actually mix? I’ve been using MP Essentials but it doesn’t mix well. It’s like drinking sand so I’m wondering if my body is even absorbing it. Also what is y’all’s opinion on muscle milk? I’ve always used it but I’ve heard a lot of negative things about it. I know these are noob questions
"Looking great, man. What are you doing differently during this prep compared to previous?"
Not really. Stop making shit up.
"Went to the orthopedist today for my lower back. X rays were good and my spine is in good health, so the injury has nothing to do with it thank god. Doc says he believes I just strained it. Another interesting point he brought up is that I have reallly tight hamstrings for a 17 year old, and so tight hammies don’t do much good for an already hurt lower back. Was told that I can still lift, but he said to just not do any heavy powerlifting and to not do any exercises that will put stress on my lower back, which I already knew. So basically my leg days will now consist of a shit ton of leg extensions and curls. I start physical therapy tomorrow to hopefully better my hamstrings and my back. Thank god it’s not a disc!"
Dude you're stupid. There's drugs that completely get rid of water retention and bloat.
"&gt;stop being a retard in your 30s

Made me lol"
"Yeah if you want. Lateral raises certainly aren't that important compared to a heavy compound movement like shoulder press. If it were me though, I'd keep working on them for shoulder health. Its not good to ignore issues and just hope they get better"
"alright yeah I respect your thoughts, thanks for your insights, I'm just looking for suggestions unlike the useless guy who tagged you lol.

&amp;#x200B;

and if ur the guy who made nsuns I have a lot of respect for you because I was running the actual thing for 6 months and it was great. I just wanted to switch things up a bit."
Idk try posting better posing pics
"I think growing up, I remember seeing Vince Comerford on a cover of a magazine I had. He competed in the WBF before that was dissolved and many went to the IFBB. Guy was a beast at 180lb and 5’2. The original Blonde Myth before Lee Priest was a big name."
"Yeah could be, I thought it was in regard to his bb career"
"THE ELECTION WAS RIGGED! I WON IN A LANDSLIDE! MIKE PENCE IS A COWARD WHO DOESN'T HAVE THE GUTS TO DO WHAT MUST BE DONE! 



^^^^^^^Oh ^^^^^^^but ^^^^^^^hey ^^^^^^^guys ^^^^^^^stay ^^^^^^^peaceful! ^^^^^^^Definitely ^^^^^^^**don't** ^^^^^^^storm ^^^^^^^the ^^^^^^^Capitol ^^^^^^^or ^^^^^^^anything, ^^^^^^^because ^^^^^^^the ^^^^^^^National ^^^^^^^Guard ^^^^^^^won't ^^^^^^^even ^^^^^^^be ^^^^^^^there ^^^^^^^to ^^^^^^^stop ^^^^^^^you, ^^^^^^^because ^^^^^^^I ^^^^^^^specifically ^^^^^^^denied ^^^^^^^requests ^^^^^^^to ^^^^^^^deploy ^^^^^^^them! 


Yeah, sure seems like he ""obviously"" doesn't want violence."
"That’s a rambus, idiot."
all muscles are thick and roundish retard
Bro your gym gets worse each day :(
Awe damn 😭
nah.
The gears of war shorts make this whole picture a complete show-stopping 10/10
Seriously? You’ve got a nice physique I’m surprised at how low volume that is
Yup. Will try to take it easier today. I sometimes just get that mentality of going at a 200% if I got the time and guess it's not always a good idea haha
"simple answer: Yes you should be bigger and leaner every time you cut

complex answer: scale weight does not matter **during** your bulk you can go from 170 to 185 in less than 2 weeks"
Better to break the news to her now rather than have that be the first topic that comes up when you finally see each other again. That'd be an uncomfortable homecoming for both of you.
I'm 21 and the later is my goal haha.
no.
Oh dang. I don’t follow him super closely. How tall is he?
Nicks ability to improve in a short amount of time is stunning. Really excited to watch his career unfold.
"Wow, I’m 6’3 210-212 and only eat 3500-4000 calories and I’m gaining weight on that🤦🏻‍♂️"
Shit. I didn’t realize they had pharma primo in Thailand. That alone is almost enough.
"&gt; I start to decrease weight/reps. I hate it and I’m pretty sure it’s mental since I start tracking at like 2500 cals and don’t lose weight

Dude, same thoughts those past days. It's always the same with too. I keep thinking ""don't nocebo yourself, don't nocebo yourself"" no matter how hard I try  to tell myself it's mostly a mental thing, I almost instantly lose reps, bar speed, etc. The beginning of every workout feels like I've already done a workout lol"
"Recommended earbuds/headphones for the gym?
I haven't had the luxury of playing music since I didn't have any earbuds or headphones. I'm getting tired of listening to the same edgy teenager songs that my gym plays. 
I have considered buying sony xm-4000 and buying ear protectors for sweat protection since I plan to use at home too. What do you all use?"
good point thanks
"Can you explain why? I’m indifferent, just curious"
"&gt; The best way to do it is rub the anavar powder on your wheelchair wheels, and use the test oil and expensive ass hgh to lube up the axle on your chair. This way you can still use the gear without dying.

if this isnt the best post of 2021 I dont want to live"
Wow man! Epic!
Thank you!
"How odd grandma has a thing for gigchads, you’d think she’d even into old grandpas"
Looking phenomenal. Good job! How did you place?
"Lmao, Thank you"
"&gt;it could mess with your children/sperm, which technically is other people

😂

Boy oh boy I hope you have never jerked off if you believe this."
"I have no experience with autistic children let alone children, but sometimes I wonder about myself for those same reasons"
I want them to have a swordfight in my mouth.
I judge the shit out of people who care about organic/non-gmo
"Hey guys. I’m pretty experienced with losing weight but don’t know much about toning and weight lifting. I’m trying to get some muscle definition to show on my abs and I’m down to 17% body fat. I’m doing a lot of ab exercises and staying in a calorie deficit to get rid of my stomach fat. The internet says I’ll probably have to get down to 10-14% body fat and I’m about 4 lbs away from being underweight. For anyone here who’s got abs, is it the norm to have to suck it up and get a little underweight before gaining?"
"I’m notorious for really bad resting bitch face outside of the gym, and in the gym I look even more pissed. I’m actually not though, because generally I’m a very nice person. I’ve even met people in the gym who have told me at first “you always look mad so people are afraid to talk to you”"
Couldn’t agree more. Which is why cutting results should also be faster. Get it over with to get back to bulking
"I've got a 3a XL and I really do like it, the battery life and camera and just general performance is really good. I tend to prefer phones without much bloatware, I like stock android that I can shape to however I want it without any apps I'll never use taking up space lol, and pixels are obviously one of the best for that. MKBHD on YouTube is great for phone reviews, definitely worth checking out his thoughts on whatever you're interested in."
Just ready to get my life affairs back in order so I can return to normalcy and focus on bodybuilding in my spare time. I'm finding it so difficult to diet and recovery properly when my future is filled with so much uncertainty.
Welcome to 99% of the questions that this guy asks on here
Lookin good bro
"Super jealous of the arms and V-taper! Good luck bro, you’re gonna slay it! Probably goes without saying but we (I at least) would love to see photos from the show."
Fuck you shoresy r/Letterkenny
Immodium is your friend
"Shit was funny as fuck. ""Just take test and mk-677"""
"Haven't read the DD in fuckin ages. I missed y'all. I was starting to wonder why *everything* felt so adversarial with all this politics bullshit going on, but I just hadn't spent any time lately in the BB community"
"Thank you, I too am thinking to take it easy on bench press for a while and go crazy on dumbbells"
"Moderna is for nerds with fake 5G, Phizer gang."
"I know dude, it’s just sad to see so many great athletes die just like that"
"Damn, you watched that many story posts of his."
Many people die of different things is what I said I believe speaking on the general public. I don't know any 90 year olds period but I didn't come here to argue just was stating a fact about things are different for everyone once again we all have a choice. Everyone isn't going to suffer sudden death from babbling a little bit. Pros or influences die because they are running insane amounts of gear plus insulin (which is the big reason these big boys just keel over and die unexpectedly). Have a good day though homie.
"At the risk of sounding like a coffee yuppie, find a local roastery and try whatever coffee they have on drip.  It’s gonna be tons better than what you can find preground at the stores or, no offense, what you’d try to make yourself.  My first foray into the (black) coffee world, I had some shitty office coffee and it turned me off from coffee for a while.  Then I found a local roaster years later and it changed things for me."
That's a shame. Don't follow him but he seemed like an intelligent guy when I saw videos of him. Like when he [interviewed definitely not Ronnie Coleman.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XadhUhNbNjo)
"If he trains his legs like he trained his upper body he would be sacrificing the amount of muscle he can build where he is judged.  Men’s Physique has divisions for competition.

15 extra pounds of thighs hidden under board shorts benefits him far less than 15 pounds upper body.

https://i.imgur.com/RJoD3nc.jpg - information about divisions."
"At least Breon kept his composure, true sportsman."
“I’ve lost 50lbs of muscle and look the same”
You must really like popping things.
Holy shit Walmart sells everything.
"&gt;How’s that waist line ?

Not horrible.  I still had some definition in some places which is a plus."
"Top 3 for sure, as for the win there just so many factors that can come in. I personally can't stand Bonacs physique, but on paper he is the favorite. I'd love to see Akim actually nail conditioning for a change and win. This whole lineup is strong its really a crapshoot until the show day."
"They are superior if you want to build strength in the Squat. As a powerlifter, i rarely use straightbar squats for hypertrophy anymore."
The replies make it pretty clear the tren hasn't all cleared his system yet.
Thanks for the reminder to measure my calves. I haven’t in years
"this is a tale as old as time my friend. Lots of past bodybuilders were very serious in a sport, got injured, and were instructed to start lifting to help the healing process. They then found their love with iron quite quick, and the sport they played became insignificant to them. Not saying this is you but just mentioning its quite common."
I support it
"I feel like a lot of guys start in their early 20’s, no? But yeah absolutely. Would be sure to maximize their efficacy by dialling all the variables and doing everything to keep my health/heart in good shape."
"Yeah bro, it'll fill out when the muscle hypertrophies"
Yeah they’re trolling. Most likely the liner from under the lid!
Nice thank you!
As likely as it is for Jayson Tatum to win the MVP this year
I think its feminine when I try and suck their dick and they won't fully take them off cause they're too self conscious of their inner glutes
Just know even if you’re beat to shit in bed you’ll have energy once you get going in the gym
"Anyone else find that alcohol tastes worse on a cut? Kind of in the same way that carbs taste sweeter while your carbs are low, anyone else experience this? Even in the seltzer’s I was having the alcohol taste came through way more than normal and it was almost like taking shots"
But you’ll have no way of knowing if you’re moving the same amount of weight? Machines and cables are never actually what they’re labeled. You can try to go by effort but your brain is likely to try to trick you when you’re starving. If you’re like 2-3 weeks out I get it. If you’re over a month out you have to focus on doing the same movements with the same weight at the same tempo for as long as possible to avoid losing muscle.
Look ready
Wood platform seems to be the only good solution
"i have a conspiracy theory.Few years ago I was reading this book about marketing and there was a research how men don’t think straight when they are horny/aroused and that makes them make bad decisions and spend more money on buying things that they don’t need.Nowadays everywhere you turn,there is something sexual,not only commercial but if you look at youtubes “shorts”,instagram...its like a pornhub light.My point is that all of this is set up by big companies to make men order even more things online."
If your testosterone is low just pull back on the syringe more
Time to dedicate to calisthenics like if you’re in a fucking prison cell.
"He’s rich af. He can drop like 20k on thousands of new hair follicles. He can get a full head of hair whenever he wants...

I doubt it bothers him much"
Congrats bro! Amazing transformation!
Thanks appreciate it. Starting to increase cals and dirty up the diet a bit.
"Mental gains are best gains tbh. If you don't click or feel comfortable with the therapist, don't give up mane. Be open to trying a different one"
"shut up lol, just do 500mg. 

&gt; AND its not overwhelming for the first go

test isn't overwhelming FULL STOP. stop with all these random bs cycle plans and just do what works.

 8 weeks of test then 4-6 weeks of anavar? in what world does that make any sense at all? have you learned nothing?"
"If I squint my eyes a bit he looks like a roast turkey

Like a 25lb one"
yes definitely !
I agree Ronnie is the best so far among all bodybuilders... But I was asking about “the best of HIS time” not the best all time
Definitely crocs
Not usual. Make sure you don't have any underlying allergies to some ingredient in the pre and that it was something in the preworkout that caused it
"Yeah that must work quite well, plus pull-ups are something that seem to improve a lot with frequency.

If only doing 3 reps of some ab exercise was enough to grow them a little haha"
Solid trolling. 8.5/10
One involves a gun one involves people working out. Like come on. Innapropriate policing.
No dude literally all you do is post this guy in different subs
That’s extremely interesting. What’s the main focus of your research if you are able/willing to share?
Very inspiring! Keep up the good work!
I’m seeing Dustin Poirier lol
5’6 121 lbs and 29% BF. I’m scared to cut cuz I wanna keep growing (I’m 14) what should I do
Yeah good point - second photo reveals that lack of “trappiness”
"I used to eat like a bodybuilder but yes lol this situation has kind of made me have to change everything. Kidneys are kind of calling the shots and they like when I fast and I had to eliminate most foods from my diet ... so I do a 20-4 intermittent fasting routine and eat the exact same 4-5 things every single day. Haven’t deviated or cheated once in months lol. I usually workout at 6-7PM and I either go fasted or break my fast with 45g protein from grilled chicken and 50g carbs from crackers. I eat those with Splenda pickles for a bit of salt to help with my pump. Post workout I eat oats and protein and I finish my day with nuts. Sometimes I also have a low carb protein bar at the end of the day - depending on how I’m looking/feeling. Then back into fasting land. This has helped allow me to live the lifestyle sort of and have my kidneys function decently. Things like red meats, eggs, dairy, etc. all caused worse protein spilling and higher calories/carbs caused worse spilling, too. So it’s boring and light and I’m hungry 24/7 LOL but if I want my cake and to eat it, too ... I am not complaining. Beats being on dialysis and swollen to shit from high spillage :)"
That’s.. not how it works. Your obliques help pull your waist in to help brace as well as twist. Guy would somehow need to make his hipbones narrower.
"Damn really? I think the chocolate one is decent.

The strawberry one is awesome if you're using milk, but it's easy to get bored of."
Bodybuilding is stupid.
Yes that should be manageable when you're lifting ridiculously light weight
"Yeah no that shit is unforgivable. I could write an essay that just a list of reasons it’s shitty to give unscolicited gym advice. Number one would be literally everybody knows it’s shitty, it’s a very common meme, so doing it is intentionally being a dickhead"
"Close enough is sort of like more grown up regular show. Castlevania is awesome, so is BoJack horseman. Big mouth is fucken hilarious. 

There's also breaking bad, the boys, grand tour and impractical Jokers which are all really good too."
Definitely too far out physically for a 12 week prep. Don’t ever do a 12 week again my friend. 16-20 minimum. You can do it in 12but it’s going to be hard and try to minimize stress as much as possible. Pre apologize to everyone for your possible future behavior is always my go to as well 😄
"Love/hate when normies give me compliments in the gym. Walked into the sauna the other day, some guy said “here comes the Incredible Hulk!” which was nice, he started asking me about training and stuff, then another guy walks in and overhears what I’m saying and that guy says “yeah you look like an Abercrombie and Fitch model” like bruh I know I’m not that big but come on, he could have at least said gymshark or something but Abercrombie and Fitch is almost an insult"
"It's really easy to figure out yourself, just try it. Also this would be different for everyone depending on stomache size. 
I would suggest you work on self disipline instead of stuffing yourself with cucumbers everytime you are hungry."
"Look phenomenal bro , 270?? Lol. Must have looked like the hulk !"
I like Brooke as well
"This isn’t Jay’s craziest pose, but this version of Jay beats this version of Phil in every pose."
"This is true, but more so because you don't know how to pose. Youre making your back smaller, by bringing your elbows/shoulders so far back"
What kind of muscle pain?
"“How do you eat like that and not get fat?”

“Why are you on a diet? You’re not fat”

“What’s for lunch today? 32lbs of pasta and chicken? LOL”"
"Yeah, the storm hit on August 29th I believe, and I only had 2 days off up till last week. I'm just trying to figure stuff out. It was not my dream job by any means, but the money was too good to pass up. Now I need to find something I enjoy, pays decent, and kinda fast to get some income going."
I’m a perpetual cutter cus I just cut hard for like 6 months and then break for 6 months or sometimes years. BUT I started up again in December and I’m feeling amazing this time. For 6 years I’ve been trying to  be a bodybuilder. Now I’m making my best progress. Dropping pounds slow and steady and reeking in those newbie gainz. I wish I was always this consistent. And I can’t wait for my first bulk.
While on a Vegan diet? Bullshit.
"Up your AI, boy you’re bitchness is showing haha"
Just checked the scrabble dictionary. Stop playin man...
"you certainly don't understand anything about bodybuilding, you don't know how to train, I won't waste my time with you. But if you ever need help, just ask me, I help you build your dream body"
Honestly I have no idea. I can’t figure out how to... move like that. It’s like my upper body and lower body don’t move at the same time. I’m thinking I need some cues that no one has been able to give me yet.
Lower your calories then
"You won't, no balls'"
"Nice. Asking because im doing an oral only for the first time purely because of the convenience, but i feel like theres a lot of fear mongering about oral only. i have to squeeze out a cycle in a short amount of time so i went with dbol lol. Used it quite a bit before but with test tho"
No u
Exactly. Its your own damn fault at that point.
Managed to knock out 70*8 on my dumbbell bench today. Big boy weight incoming. Even though I haven't gained much actually weight I've gotten stronger and I definitely have gained some vascularity. The scale is finally starting to move on the right direction.
"I don’t think any of OP’s claims are true at all. Casey’s arms were just under 19.5. Certainly big, but Lee Haney’s were 20, Ferrigno’s were supposedly 22, Sergio’s were supposedly 22, etc. Is this even a photo of Casey Viator?"
Vasodilator increasing blood pressure? Counterintuitive and opposite of most vasodilators. Are you sure about that?
Ehh... when people say he looked crazy last year or worse this year I don't really see what they're saying. I still contend that his best look was the 2016 Arnold Europe. 2017 was good too. After that his back majorly regressed and his conditioning has been pretty stable. I don't see any meaningful difference between this year and last year.
Lol
Hell yes
The way his quads sweep off his hip is insane.
"i see too many people loading up super heavy on shoulder DB press and that’s nice, but here’s one thing I like to do that leaves my shoulders sore as fuck, i feel like it hits the whole head beside the rear delts. 

Basically do chest flyes but for shoulders on incline bench, let ur hands go hella way down and go wide as fuck. ur palms will be about parallel to ur shoulders. i don’t use anything over 50 on these."
No
Thanks bro!
"Well well well, my city's almost free of COVID and I can finally workout in peace."
I first heard it when my friend played it after a whole night of drugs and alcohol at EDC and I just felt in love with it. Im gonna check it out
"Looking thick, solid, tight."
I’ll check it out! Thank you!
"$60 shipping to Europe unfortunately. But I'll try finding something similar locally. If I were to take a break to reset my tolerance, how long should it be?"
Where are you in the competitive season? X weeks out or is this an off-season update? You’ve got a great classic shape man really well balanced physique.
"way too often i forget about my vegetables boiling on the stove, burn them, and ruin my pan. Like literally almost once a week. You'll be wrong if you think i ever forget about my spaghetti though"
"heel elevated squats can be killer for quads. the reason leg press works so well is because your taking the strain off your back so its one less factor, but its not necessary. heel elevated squats/front squats or just going fucking ham on leg ext will work. im talking maximum pain double drop set, partials, iso hold, and then a full stretch after for 2-3 sets."
"&gt; and you'll feel well at twice a week

Let's stop right there because this varies A LOT from person to person. It also is dose-dependent for a lot of people. 

I'd much rather do 600mg with daily pinning and no AI's or negative sides than do some twice a week pinning with crazy fluctuations throughout the week. 

Even on TRT/cruise doses of 150-200 I *might* do EOD, but definitely not once or twice a week.

And, again, what works for me won't work for someone else. But I would never say someone will feel well at twice a week pinning."
"Yes you can but machines suck. 

Most of them are not created with a natrual curve and have many other issues. I would recommend investing money in another gym. 

Barbell will always be superior for natruals. You want to build strenght and muscle while being athletic!"
"I don't think Cbum is unbeatable like many others do, and I do think Robert Timms has potential to dethrone Cbum, but not this year. I prefer Robert's upper body to Cbum's, but Cbum's lower body absolutely destroys his, particularly in the quads. And I also think Robert will need to come in more conditioned to have chance at dethroning Cbum, which he may be able to do since we've really only seen him at the Texas Pro and he may not have been going full throttle there if he figured it'd be an easy win. But assuming Robert isn't at his weight cap, I could see him beating Cbum after 2-3 years of bringing up his lower body."
That’s exactly what I was looking for thanks.
"Question for those folks that cut pretty lean.

I've gained about five lbs in a week from upping my carbs, presumably all water weight.

How much do you normally gain right after your cuts and you begin to replenish in the first week or two?"
"His tricep insertions are low, they make him seem huge compared to someone with high insertions"
"I like the golden era and 90s more than the current era and... you can like an old Chevy 350 engine and appreciate the power in a new 4 cylinder eco boost. That old Chevy v8 is still a good platform. 

They didn’t know any better n didn’t seem extremely fucked up from it either. I have heard plenty people report doing deca only and being ok. But people do test only and get fucked up. No steroids are really good for you, all seem to have a negative effect in some way.

Are you saying drug choice has no effect on the way your body looks? So if thy ran tren and insulin they’d look exactly the same? Same body fat? No, Deca dbol would certainly add to their look and fullness.  

You can have good form and joint pain, deca has been shown to eliminate joint pain. It’s really good for joints.

So low dose deca being a 19nor may not require pct as it’s basically topped up for the Olympia each year."
That's called TRT. And yeah your natural production gets shut down.
"Yes, so?"
wait is this true??? Did he actually work in the torture department before he began lifting?
"Outstandingly fun type, friend."
I do it because the lighting is better in the gym
Lmao bro where are you seeing another 28lbs that need to come off?
Hilarious.
Thats what you think! You have no idea how much prep comes with painting thousands of eggs for those little shits to go around and find.
"yes i deleted it. if someone takes that kind of time and effort i always reply. It's rude as hell otherwise. i cant fathom how you can  see that kind of reply and just say nothing. there's a difference between writeups and just help comments. i made a complete writeup for you for two instructional videos.

And no. It was much longer and you know it. i explained the important details in the instructions, and why they were important to you specifically. the fact that u try to play it off as if my comment was short makes it even worse. i guess those stard went to your head big man"
Great work man! What are your lifts? Bench squat deads..
"Yeah Molnar really does have [god tier arms](https://i.redd.it/oxehkh8xvxz31.jpg). The history of bodybuilding is littered with guys that never could win it all but had those freakish bodyparts which still made them stand out.  

I think in this case it's a bit of a contrast as arms are _really_ cbums only ""weak"" point."
Yea dude he lost 50+ lbs
"If the rest of the hotel is nice, then who the fuck cares, right?"
"On TRT. Going awesome. Best thing I’ve done in my life along with Laser eye surgery and buying a house. Test doc said my blood was a lil thicc so go donate. Too easy. Went to donate and went through the 10+ page questionnaire no issues till the very last question.  “Are you donating because a doc giving you testosterone told you to” 

Shit. 

I don’t want them to deny me in the future so I said no. Did I fuck something up boys. Will it make me ineligible if I’m honest ?"
The internet rectangles of doom ruined us.
"""Thanks, just picked up jogging"" is my favorite"
everyone being giga retarded about the situation on every front lmao
"Yes, Googling with some of the phrasing gets me a lot of them."
"Lol, yeah. Also more spectators courtside in the first whereas none in the second, although the ""canvas"" material looks the same."
I do love slamming my legs 😝💪🏼
That's just ridiculous lmao
"Arnold, thanks for the kind words. I’m saddened to hear of his passing. May he and his family find peace in knowing that we will continue to admire his gainz for all time."
That's the best way to do it! Also just list your PRs on your resume so they know what's up.
There is no such thing as over training. You’re either under eating or under sleeping.
Plus he definitely doesn't need any extra help preserving his chastity.
Stay safe brother
"good training and diet lmao kid said he has been training for 8 months lmao ""Good training"" my ass"
"Back and biceps today, bb.  Hoping to have a better workout today than I did yesterday."
"You look better then me and I’m on the sauce! I’m 6’2” 210lbs but I have a thick waist. You look to have a 30inch waist or thereabouts. 

In terms of when to take sauce, I’d really suggest waiting a few years to maximize your gains. Maybe experiment with light doses of sarms but I wouldn’t recommend jumping on the big stuff until you are ready to do TRT. By being on TRT and having a good baseline test level, you don’t have to worry about post recovery therapy or screwing up your hormones."
Join the creeping death crew
"Nice vacuum, u look kinda sexy ngl"
"I just want to put it out there that I would rather be waterboarded than foam roll my quads.

 On God."
The one on the left is definitely not a normal man
Ugh it's so hard not to constantly compare myself to stage condition
"Be careful with that, man. There's an associated between long-term use of diphenhydramine and dementia. 

https://www.alzdiscovery.org/uploads/cognitive_vitality_media/Diphenhydramine-Cognitive-Vitality-For-Researchers.pdf"
Nice clavicles
Accutane. Sucks when you’re on it. It’s a godsend by the time you’re finished. I recommend a dermatologist
Two of the best lifetime nattys
Who cares where i place a (.) man just get to the point of the question.
Belly button piercings are hot for no reason whatsoever
"I completely agree, Brandon’s shape is just insane. 

I think Iain Valliere could have beaten Bonac for 6th Place"
"So many questions, I’m freaking out about the possibilities. I also can’t wait to get the next flashback. Yeah I mean the “bad guys” have legit grievances."
"It might be awkward but depending how big the blanket is, you could just have it end at around your calves. Although folding it on top itself is ridiculously heavy so that might not be an option."
"Hahahahaha trueeeeeeee. The 1,000 yard no carb stare."
"I find my sleep way better when cutting because my last meal is around 5 and I don't get in bed until 9:30. That 4 hours to digest is incredible. There's no waking up or being too hot from digesting.

So- my tip is to eat further away from bed time (unless you're already doing that)."
buy my ebook How to Save on Tren for $11
You kinda look like Rich Piana
It’s funny my brother looks even more like him than I do
This guy looks natty as hell.
"I ran a competition natural (do not recommend as a guy) so take this as you will.

You just gotta focus. Like u/iSkeezy said, *you* chose this &amp; *you* want to do it. Remind yourself why you're doing this &amp; what your goal is. Don't detract from it, chew some gum when you're hungry (unless your coach says not to, then it's time to chew some toothpicks), &amp; most importantly do it for you. Show yourself what you're capable of &amp; remember that you're a fucking champ for going through with it. It's all on you, &amp; you alone. Be easy on yourself (aka love yourself) &amp; show that love by achieving your goal.

That mindset helped me get through it, along with some motivational talks from my coaches."
"true, but my squat sessions have been the only bad sessions ive had in the gym for the past monthish, even non squat leg days i feel amazing, plus i have both of those things on track. I think i just need to drop the ego and go lower, i speed up to 315 because on of wanting to out squat someone at the gym. Plus, i lowered the weight and if feels just as sexy as it used to"
Hey thanks! I put a lot of time and effort into my comment replies for r/bb daily discussion threads!! Really appreciate the overwhelming love and support from all of my fans!!!! God bless!!
That’s a great gift! Thanks :)
Added to the list lol.
"Makes sense, Thanks for the information"
Gross
"Ok thats my question really I should have just asked. Does TRT increase my metabolism to where I would need more food, or does it just feel like I want to eat more?"
Yeah it’s good to know that you can always stay lean.. that’s why you here of bodybuilder eating a lot of junk food or sweets. It’s because we hit a point where we need all the shit to not shrink  lol it’s a pro and a con at the same time
"hell yeah brother. still dragged myself to thr gym. did delts n back, felt good, i can feel content with that at least"
Are you okay man? Mentally and physically? If you are not feeling safe you should seriously call a helpline right now. They can help you form a plan and get you what you need. You deserve help.
Yeah I am 17 so I am still a kid but I have much more brain to know what synthol looks like.
How long has it been now like 18 months? They were open for a little last year but the hour slots were booked hours in advanced. Fucking Doug
"True, hope it's better than what was thought!"
No exercise is mandatory but some do help more than others. Dorian yates won Mr olympia without doing a single squat so he claims.
"Phil's insertions are just too good. Ramy might be bigger, but Phil wins this overall. In fact nobody beats phil 2017 except for prime Ronnie Coleman"
You a Raptors fan too?
"Good bye lipids and hdl

Idiot"
"Well, thanks for answering all my questions. These powders are indeed more expensive, but they seem overall healthier with less crap in them and they use sustainable farming techniques to boot. IMO worth the money and supporting."
Kai Greene is attracted to grapefruits right?
Someone got cut from one too many JV teams
"Yeah, more .. steroids"
"I’m torn guys.


I want to buy something stupid, and it’s between an OnlyFans tank or a 98% Natty tank. 

Which is edgier for a 34 year old male to wear at a gym? 


Serious repleez only"
"What? You think eating healthy is gonna kill thr pathogen and help you with pneumonia? Haha

I personally know a professional ice skating athlete and she has permanent 70% lung capacity after getting it. Doubt she was stuffing her face with McMuffins before Covid."
Because you have a limited vocabulary?
Thank you so much you’re too kind! Gonna give it my all!
can’t tell if you’re joking or not... on websites like symmetric strength and strength standards i‘m categorised as advanced?
Savage. Doing this from now on!
"Ed's are such horrible things to deal with, the progress you've made and steps you've taken to get out of it and become healthier are undeniable! Great work man, best wishes."
"Thanks man. I have another 6 weeks to go, I just wanted a little break really. I think I guesstimated it fairly well."
Now I'm super self conscious about dropping the weight or grunting hahaha. I always push disgustingly far past failure on leg extensions and I do the BSS of death dropset twice a week so hopefully I'm not known as the grunter of my gym 😳😳
Thank you! Gatorade was my thoughts exactly as it has enough quick sugar to refresh and recharge but not an over necessary amount. 🙏
If you pay me Ill tell you that you are the next *insertbodybuilderofyoputchoice* and validate you shitty choices.
Lol why are you so mad about what someone else does that doesn't even affect you?
Yeah you plenty of hair on your head
"I'll check it out. 

Haha yeah pricier the better...nah just more interested to see if the more expensive ones are worth the hype or just bullshit. In terms of taste, how they mix, smoothness etc

EHP and ghost look great but so they taste as good? - or is it just good marketing like u say"
"No sir/madam, just some sledding until we got snow all over our faces and under our shorts. We were numb all over so we came home"
"I think I have, like, a ""micro strain"" on my left bicep. Acute but very minor pain when engaged. Stings for a couple minutes after. How long should I rest it for?"
smart choice
For sure. And why would you even want to  max curls  in the first place
Yep
"So if someone tells you something about shit they’re going through, you think it’s perfectly okay to tell someone else not involved? Cmon. How old are you?"
"LMFAO based on this dude's comment history, he's a firm believer in some voodoo magic shit but doesn't believe that OP's physique is attainable on a vegan diet"
Damn - amazing.  Is he taking TRT or anything or 100% natty?
"Yeah I’m not trying to split hairs but women do use makeup to outline their femininity/attractiveness. Whatever word you wanna use, point stands."
Looking good man!
"yes, with a slight incline on the bench. Also does your gym have the seated or incline machine flies as an option?"
"Kinda wanna say it was intended like that because it's hilarious...y'know, not actually referring to the penis with the dickhead bit. It's just a great way to have got in there with a chance to call someone a dickhead in an amusing way and I'm a Brit, so that's pretty much the first words we're taught. It's like rubbing some deep rooted dickhead for pleasure...wait what

Otherwise space, man. Space. Dick head. Dickhead. Y'know how it goes

Still amused by my interpretation of outline of a dickhead ahaha"
Amateur debut?? Already looks like a pro. Should be an easy win.
"Not gonna lie, I'm having a very hard time visualizing this."
The fuck do peds have to do with this? Every single sport has enhanced athletes. Also based on this reply I don't think you know what the fitness division even is. They perform tricks similar to a solo cheerleading routine.
"My cellphone has always been safe inside my pocket. I’ve never had any issues with it or the earphones. But hey, you do you"
Yeah “only mk677” full of shite unfortunately
"Not much stress tbh, good sleep 10 hours
No woman
Not on any juice
Not low body fat

Maybe I'm just more grown? I'm 20 so maybe my teenager libido is slowing down.

It doesn't really bother me it's just a diffirence I've noticed
And it's not like it would affect my day to day life or working out."
I wish I could just have a bot that detects Simpsons references and automatically upvotes it for me
I knew this was going to be top comment 🙄
"Yeah of course dude. Unrelated I’m a Nigerian prince and I have a proposal for you, if you’re interested."
"Ah okay, I guess that makes sense. I never realized how much went into bikini until I've been reading your posts the last few months"
Yeah usually you start with a little more on the first day then maintain with 3-5
This gsd dude surely cares a lot about how y'all look. And not in a good way lol
"You are trying to lose some covid weight, right? You are not stepped on stage, it seems incredibly stupid to put that kind of stress on your body when you could accomplish the same thing by just doing a little extra cardio and eating a little less."
No one in r/steroids uses finasteride for beard growth lmao. This is dumb as fuck.
I can’t wait til my legs are nice enough to wear shorts on leg day
"Delicious musculation. Plan on upping the cardio or lowering the feed? I wouldn’t go all in and do both at this stage, probably pick one and assess in a week."
A bunch of dumb shit about how Steve deserved second. Here's a video about it. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihlcDf7lLfU&amp;t=451s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihlcDf7lLfU&amp;t=451s)
"By WNBF (World Natural Bodybuilding Federation) rules you are natural. The rule for your use is 2 years by my understanding. 

https://www.worldnaturalbb.com/drug-testing-banned-substances/"
Can’t remember the last time I failed a sub 3 plate bench but put me in front of 2 pros and suddenly everything is 600lbs.
That's a great idea!
SMH just get a ring light and Tik tok
Yeah: don't pull out
"Fucking hate when people drop their sub 4 plate deadlifts like a thug on the second floor gym in the apartment. 

Like I don’t mind but from the safety of the building perspective (and who tf made the gym be on the second floor) but how should I tell them to not do that as a non employee or staff ?"
That’s wild. I don’t get lower ab veins until I’m at or near 10%
Thanks man also how much meters do you aim for on the rows?
Thank you!! Biding my time and waiting it out.
Chill lol
"Awesome work man, looking great!!  
Mad respect on the natty height status lol"
Meh
Huge Respect Sir!
Looks great there. Surprised to hear that his arms were 18.25 inches. Frank Zane's were supposedly slightly smaller at 18.
Thank you Mr. Meadows
I shared your opinion up until a few years ago. Once you switch plant-based you start to learn about a lot of misconceptions.
"&gt; A smarter person

I'm not that guy pal"
Best comment right here
"Lets gooo bro! That’s huge! I’m a senior in high school myself and lost my soccer game in the section semi finals, I could imagine how good you feel right now with a state championship under your belt. Congrats!"
All of it just seems very ego motivated to me. I’m all for staying fit and lifting weights. Just never thought the competitions were interesting. Although the Strongman Competitions are interesting since they are competing in different challenges. The stage stuff just seems unnecessary. I could have been less of a dick in my comment 😬
Thanks for the advice I really appreciate it!
"Fear street part 1 was dope. 

It also had one of the coolest kills I've seen in a while"
ROFL says the fuckboy who posts nude photos on Reddit. I know your mentally disturbed ass isn’t trying to defend anyone. With your gay ass gyno.
"&gt; And having a fun convertible might be a good way to help my abysmal social/dating life.

If you're struggling in the dating world, simply having a convertible won't change that buddy. Get a convertible because YOU want one!

Also, I agree, the Gladiator does look like butt. Between those 3 I'd personally get a Tacoma. It's more utilitarian than fun, but they're still nice trucks."
wow more mean people than any social media.
Why was this one even triggered? What the fuck?
"I'm sure they did appreciate the business, but they probably didn't appreciate the records subpoenas from the Secret Service and then they probably didn't appreciate the chargebacks that started rolling in."
"Yeah you can tear shit up being a retard. But sometimes the muscles and tendons just happen to move in a certain way that causes it to snap. One of my more painful injuries was slipping a disc from bending over to pick up some laundry. Doesn't always matter what you're doing, sometimes you just get unlucky"
Thanks
Maybe you’re mildly allergic? I got stung a few times and it has been nothing but an annoyance to me.
do you feel like it's enough?
Dude in physique they could give a fuck about our legs. (Excluding calves which I don’t have none of)
"Thanks man, will try it, sounds awesome hehe"
Awesome! Just a final layer of fat to lose and you are ready for the stage
"Remember, 56 booster shots to stop the spread and save grandma

We're all in this together"
"some reasons to why he would lie:

1. gain more of a social media following
2. gain better sponsors
3. Get in contact with better coaches because they overestimate his potential
4. Win in ""Natty"" competitions whit no or shitty testing
5. Gain more credits from friends, family and people who easily believe anything other people say.

There's probably more this is just out of the top of my head."
"Yeah you are right about the views, but i think in genereal he is spreading a lot of good advice (about fitness and nutrition), don‘t know about the steroids doe. 
And yeah i heard the same from other bodybuilders too, so i better got advice from my doc, who is known for the „bodybuilding doc“ in my area."
"No he doesnt, he looks small here compared to his goals/potential"
"Sorry to sound autistic, but these conversations really confuse me. Isn’t it CICO all that matters? If say you are eating enough protein, and at maintenance then how will you be putting any fat by eating more fat than carbs? There is no extra calories and the protein (in theory, from what I understand) does the job of keeping the muscle. 

Maybe I’m just not understanding the context. I feel like on one hand people preach CICO as the dictating thing of fat loss/gain and on the other people claiming that carbs or fats affect it."
I heard figs is like lululemon but scrubs. Where’s the gymshark of scrubs?
The btc car crash doesn’t look good
Tennis elbow will eventually kill me
"Yeah, I'm pretty sure I'll stay off it when the time to join the dark side comes."
"I see you said you gained 14 lbs post show....

That's amazing... Wtf did you eat?"
"For any of you guys that do PPL or honestly any split, do you do one muscle then the other? I just go back and fourth. Like for back and bi’s I’ll just do a back thing then a bi thing then a back thing etc. thought?"
"Looking like a G.I joe that’s what I like to see , keep killing it man"
Smart
Hopefully doing some with art IRL
I think you still have significant time to grow and trim that mustache.
"Is the dick not a muscle? Bodybuilding is competitive beauty pageant don’t act like it’s hardcore. You tan, do drugs and show up in underwear. And then lie that you’re natty and create warped perceptions to the general public"
Actually true.
lmao take one anyways man! back double is important! its the only mandatory back pose in classic! besides quarter turns
Thank you!
My time at a CSU was way better than at a UC
Yeah lemme tell you my 385lb squat sets are a bear to clean up and press on my back 😂
Thanks!
What does your training look like?
"This was an excellent answer. I wonder: if I take two rest days between workouts, is that enough time to recover?"
Sounds good to me
"I would highly recommend RDL for hamstrings.

Look up Ed Coans videos on general deadlift form, it’ll help you a lot.

A deadlift is irreplaceable in terms of its effectiveness IMHO and I would recommend if you can to just try to get it down right… form can be individual and it requires conscious effort EVERY time you lift for form, you can’t just jump into it, but it’s worth it."
Biceps r the best evr imo and his back is the closest thing I've seen to dorians ya ronnie an Phil have great backs but side by side Dorian and Marco look so similar
Every (gay) man’s dream 🛌
"It does absolutely fuck all except drain your wallet bro.

[Ingredients. There's no hgh in it bro](https://i.imgur.com/wAhhJae.jpg)"
"Your point about blurring the face validates my point about looks and aesthetics.  
No Arnold worship. Personally, I usually assign a higher value to physiques like Vince Gironda or Frank Zane which are closer to what is naturally attainable, whereas Arnold was already geared up like no tomorrow compared to the generation before him.  
At the same time I love the 90s bodybuilders like Markus Ruehl or Kevin Levrone.  
I just believe that Arnold was immensely smart at training his body in a way that it would look perfect on him, while nowadays bodybuilders focus more on absolute size and proportions to reach certain gold standards which may not be ideal for them.

You can't just say someone else is an Arnold worshipper because you are obviously a Cbum worshipper."
"I'd be a freak too, if I took steroids at 16."
Yeah you can let the emotional reaction slide but it was made a bigger deal because her and Gina said more later on
"Nice man! I started on a box mod and regular tank, then I wanted to try building my own coils so I moved onto an RTA (basically you use wire to make a coil and there's some real fancy ones lol, then you push cotton through it), now to celebrate my first proper paycheck I've upgraded to a squonk mod and RDA. It's basically the same thing as an RTA but instead of the liquid being kept in a tank, it's in a squishy bottle that when you squeeze it just squirts juice straight onto the coil/cotton and then drains back into the bottle, it's probably the most flavourful option and basically impossible for it to leak. http://imgur.com/a/hHYEbNv probably don't care, but I'm quite happy with how this coil turned out so imma show it off lol."
"I'm not backing out of anyhting I said. I didn't say it's definitive if you read my following comment to Ruslan's reply. 

You're god damned right I have two stars, because I actually submitted my physique into be judged. I'm not Mr Olympia. You might be better physique than me as well, but at least I have the guts to submit my pic."
"The rep and set range doesn't matter. You can do whatever rep/set scheme you want so long as you are sufficiently challenging your muscles (i.e. training to failure each set, using challenging weight).

As for diet, if you want to get bigger, eat in a surplus. If you want to get smaller, eat in a deficit. Whichever you choose, try to eat protein with every meal and don't forget your micronutrients (fruits/veggies).

Diet and training are both important, don't neglect either."
"People are most often more hard and judgementsl on themselves than others so you’re likely right.

Would sushi be a good thing to have in a diet? I live close to a great sushi place and my favorite roll is baked sea bass, avocado, and cucumber (plus the seaweed and rice of course)."
I’ve heard this has been a calm winter and that the pollens activate more when there’s a calm winter or something like that so allergies are worse this year
I have a cheaper style and love it
Mixed grip deadlifts are pretty common for bicep injuries
"All my friends told me how dumb I was in 2018 for spending thousands of dollars on a home gym.

WHO'S LAUGHING NOW KEVIN??? WHO'S LAUGHING NOW?

Not me because I am lonely."
I am too much of a freak to even consider using the office gym.
Thanks for following! My page is public so feel free to share. I’m trying to get going on my YouTube again too. I blogged my 2018 prep and people seemed to like that a lot so I’m going to do it again.
"100% agree, I love that hint of girl next door. Imo it elevates her, doesn't bring her down."
Tofu sucks
Nobody cares about you
"Nice! 

Have you seen some good results on this rather than a PPL or Arnold Split?"
"I’m sure if people tried it they’d enjoy it, I originally set it up that way because I used to be a skip leg day everyday kind of guy and didn’t really do shoulder work, now I got something motivating to push through legs since dumbbell lateral raises are one of my favorite workouts as of recent"
"Great muscle separation, congratulations 💪"
Trap bar mechanics are more like a squat than an actual deadlift. Trap bars are an inferior pulling exercise because your not actually “pulling” anything. You’re squatting the weight up.
Definitely sparring but someone replied me that he know people doing weightlifting and bjj and they are always injured...
"i swear gym lightings are rigged, sometimes I am walking and I see the mirror and think ""holy fuck I look RIPPED on this spot"" but I refuse to take my phone out and go shirtless just to take a pic. Once I go home, I look like shit ... Hopefully lower bodyfat during this summer will change that"
Trust your gut
This is like the third time he’s teased at coming back again and showing improvements though. I mean after being champ for nearly a decade I’d imagine he’s not giving up easily
Don’t disrespect daddy Cbum like that
Looking absolutely fantastic! Good luck at your show!!!
"Love how you take time out of your day to respond to every comment of love and support. Huge and humble, wish more guys in the bodybuilding community were like you."
"As controversial as that was, he still had some poses imho and you could make the argument for it. Politics have always been part of the sport, but recent times ( as in last 20-30 years) are nowhere near as bad."
Got it thank you man. Just by reading that I think I should run Meadow's program just to understand more about what's right lift and variation and then coming back to your nsuns program!
Fouad Abiad puts out some good content outside of the bro chat. He's really changed up his lifting philosophy for his age and way less gear usage.
I'm guilty of having a season pass. Got it in June and the longest I've went without going is ~15 days  🤣 I was able to ride Goliath on the front row yesterday so that was awesome.
"I think cronometer does some funky weird shit with fiber/net carbs but that should only make a small difference in calories


Side note your macros are fucked up (unless this is for non training days) less fat more carb"
"buy a slow cooker and make some nice pulled chicken, it stores quite well and is easy to make"
"Nah, until you've prepped to 5% you really can't make assumptions like that (even though I'm assuming you haven't done that before😂) I usually lose about 40-45lbs to go from leaner then OP to stage ready"
"I'm going to start taking creatine. I've looked into it and I've seen that 5g a day is the standard amount to take. 
● My question is: Should I take a bigger amount (like 10-20g) for the first few days to elevate my creatine levels faster, then stick to 5g/day to maintain that level? Is this strategy legit? What do you recommend?"
"I help my mom with her exercise, and I play piano and cook with my grandma"
Youre still a kid bro dont worry about it fr
"I'll keep cutting them, I was getting really worried, thought something was wrong with my abs."
Yes. I can cut incredibly easily
"hook, line, and sinker lmao"
Trust me dude I'm huge and shredded
Thanks for the advice and sharing. I figured TRT wouldn't change my training style that much but didn't want to miss out on potential gains from the sudden influx of testosterone.
I hope Cbum pulls up to the Olympia looking like a viking. Longass beard and a mohawk
There's no way in hell you're 7.8% BF with no arm definition.
Congratulations brother
He's training so hard that he can still carry a conversation during his intense set!
"1-month post surgery appointment was good Bros!


Doc went jn sucked out all the muscus in my nose on both sides, said I still have internal swelling at sides of my nasal walls and the tip of the nose and numbness at the tip near the incision. but that's to be expected a month removed from surgery. 


Said I have carte blanche to treat my nose as I did in the past short of boxing(good thing I don't box) Said to avoid any punches/hits to the nose for the next couple months anything traumatic 


I can do everything I could before with my nose (it's still numb and stuff so I'm gonna be ginger with it) but I'm so happy!


I celebrated by doing leg day for the first time in a month, I dropped my 1TM by 15% and recalculated my lifts and it was surprising good I struggle with my stamina but I'm definitely gonna feel the DOMs tomorrow!

I see him July 15th"
"That really impressive bro and your only 15. Imagine what your physique will look like at 18, you could be the youngest pro at that rate."
I'm sorry the movies portray a different picture Im such a dick for assuming 😔
"You can be tricked by the fat under your abs.

Might just be worth to post a pic to let the community decide (they can't give you a decend estimate either, but the higher stars prob know if you should bulk or cut)"
I’m pretty sure Derek knows more about hair loss than most “hair loss doctors”.
"Haha thank you, you too bro."
"That’s why I don’t do 1rm and I do them safe, I do them for 10+ reps or an AMRAP minute of presses to train endurance for truck pulls, rep deadlifts, and other strongman shit."
"If you mean fit the way im thinking then all you need is a proper diet, daily push ups and pull ups and daily cardio. That will get you pretty fit."
its a crime that you aren't 5 stars
Until you’re overweight by BMI at stage lean and require so many calories that maintenance is uncomfortable. Why are you too dense to understand that your limited experience doesn’t hold true for everyone?
What’s ur lat training look like
"oh my fuck, ive got the sickest hamstring pump rn."
Looking shredded. Good Luck!
"This machine is great for targeting obliques with rotation

[https://www.fitnesssuperstore.com/Life-Fitness-Signature-Torso-Rotation-FZTR-p/lftorsor.htm?gclid=Cj0KCQjw4cOEBhDMARIsAA3XDRgOGar39ACvlfOtH1smLP7JaRJ5JlvV7m-RVgb4\_3M\_RjDXqP46jqwaAhaiEALw\_wcB](https://www.fitnesssuperstore.com/Life-Fitness-Signature-Torso-Rotation-FZTR-p/lftorsor.htm?gclid=Cj0KCQjw4cOEBhDMARIsAA3XDRgOGar39ACvlfOtH1smLP7JaRJ5JlvV7m-RVgb4_3M_RjDXqP46jqwaAhaiEALw_wcB)

As for side bending just grab a 45 and do side bends"
I feel kinda bad for him.
I got told I look like Joe Manganiello today. Honey I wish I were half that juicy
"Yeah man for sure. On a day where I dont eat much my waist gets down to 26 inches, and I've always had decent shoulder structure and proportions. Just gotta get to the grind and put on some size."
Is this fresh pasta?
Yeah
"Dear young men and women of Massachusetts:

I’m not sure why you’re looking for a “country boy/girl” on tinder here. Southie isn’t even near the southern end of Boston, let alone south of the Mason-Dixon. The west starts around Fort Worth, not Fort Worcester.

Thank you for reading my esoteric complaint. As you were."
Love these books! I worked as a field tech and listened to the first 3 books a dozen times it feels like.
you might have gone in a deficit too quickly? i mean those are very little calories
"If you're struggling to stomach the food to get the calories in, try switching to more calorically dense foods. For example, a 10oz can of mixed nuts has about 1600 calories. 2 grilled cheese sandwiches is about 800 calories."
Traps are lookin insane !
"Did back and after my workout it felt like it was cramping but not cramping weird but doesn't hurt now.

Anyways the weights are moving fairly easy when rowing I'm getting stronger faster than I've expected."
"My leg days have improved immensely since I stopped trying to make squats work

Feel free to roast it

Leg press 5x10/RDL 5x10, swap which one I do each leg day

Standing calf raise 5x10

Leg extension 5x10

Ham Curl 5x10

Sitting calf raise 5x10

Used to do abs afterwards but moved them to a dedicated arms and abs day


If you're wondering why I dropped squats, it's because my hip flexors kept fucking up whenever I neared 100kg, no matter how much prehab and stretches I did. Now I stick to leg press, I can easily do more than twice that for 5x10, and I got back that wobbly post leg day feeling that I had when I first started hitting the gym."
Thank you. Autocorrect trying to make me seem like a better man than I really am
Nice progress man!
Defines the muscles better.
Holy shit 😆
Yes that's what I'm trying to get at. Then you're just into fitness which IS great
"*The mods have very kindly allowed me to share a link for my research study here. It is not specific to body building but is more general to health/fitness/working out (including body building).*

Researchers at Deakin University want to learn about how fitspiration fits into the lives of young adults in Australia, its benefits and potential downsides, and how it influences exercise, body image, and motivation.


Participation is open to **people aged 18-40 who live in Australia and have smartphones**. The study involves completing a short survey of around 25 minutes. One-hundred fitspiration users will also be invited to download an app that will help us to discover how fitspo fits into your day-to-day life. The app will prompt you to complete quick, 2-minute surveys about fitspo, exercise, and feelings about your body, 7 times a day for 10 days. 

**Participants who complete the daily surveys win a $10 Coles gift voucher, and also go into the draw to win 1 of 5 $50 vouchers.**


To complete the survey or for more information please follow this link: [https://researchsurveys.deakin.edu.au/jfe/form/SV\_3CVoFf18PLvHAsS](https://researchsurveys.deakin.edu.au/jfe/form/SV_3CVoFf18PLvHAsS)
  


Thanks :)"
Good lord if Adame gets screwed again I’m gonna be pissed. He is blowing everyone out in the side shots.
The chelated kind I think... one of the types will give you the shits. Lol. Bad.
"Well he was certainly aware of the risks etc. pp. But most fanboys or 'home bodybuilders' aren't aware of it.

https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/anabolic-steroid-misuse/

That is science, most people in this sub are listening to the Fred Flintstone school of fantasia."
"He read somewhere that his original back injury was from playing football in college, but I guess the 800 pound deadlifts didn't help."
"Keep it up man, you look great!"
Yes I’ve added on 15 lbs of muscle but I still feel small.
Why would you put natural in the post if you’ve used in the past? Not natty lol
Thanks bro!
"Hell yeah that's so good to hear! I'd been steadily progressing on bench, squats, and deadlifts from January to March but then the injury happened. Not all progress was lost though, and my body seems to really appreciate me beating it up twice a day. Back to 100% in no time baby!"
"Yes, I have seen her here. But so do many other ppl post here regularly. Why her?

Its clearly an ad. Maybe they should add IG name as well."
One thing they don't tell you about cutting is that it makes your shoulders pop way more due to the clear separation between the deltoids and the upper arm. These things are like the cheekbones of the arms.
Nice job on the re composition. You'll need 2-3 years of weight training to place at a comp. Mayne prove me wrong in a year!
"Agree to a T. I used to want to become an Olympian, it was my only goal at one point. Then I realized why I am I damaging my physique and well being so much for some nobody’s before me on a judging panel to tell me how good I am? I’m really going to risk my future health and well being so some old bald fuck can tell me how good I am? Fuck that, there’s more to life than bodybuilding. I have respect for the work ethic and dedication the best in the world have in this sport, but I pity them for their close mindedness and inability to realize that they are killing themselves for nothing more than another human being who hasn’t been in their shoes to tell them how good they are or judge their potential."
He had pectus he did a very good job of  masking it
"Only limited second hand information on the losing the boobs point. Unfortunately it is has a high chance and they won't come back to the pre cut level. But this is based on anecdotes from ladies to a female friend, so I'd be intrigued to hear from other people's experiences and opinions.

As for not completely losing your shit. Depends on your personal motivation, discipline, and approaches.

Some quick approach tips - cheat meals. They can curb cravings. This is the usual go to for a lot of people.

Some people plan in treats/Sweets other foods within their diet so the cravings don't get crazy."
One of the most honest bodybuilders ever. Spoke openly about everything. His videos on YT are no less than a PED certificate. RIP.
"Haha thanks bro, very excited to step on stage for the first time !"
"This is gonna sound so dumb but I watched Alan's video on meal prepping (I think he released it in the last week or so) and I was finally like k, I need to get over my fear of a propane grill exploding and got my pops to teach me how to grill chicken and I'm never going back to baked chicken. Can't do it, won't do it. This is the way.

A bit embarrassed it's taken me this long to try it myself but it just opened up so much in terms of cooking good shit."
"Idk, for me I think its the exertion on my muscles or maybe the circulation having better places to go. My gym gets kimda hot and I end up with a nubbin all workout and a few hours after too"
"Nah they just seem to have potential until they hop on stage . “ Proper “ bodybuilders are next level compared to these Insta bodybuilders  . 
On the tattoos : if I was serious about becoming a pro , I’d do whatever it took . That includes not getting huge tattoos. They ruin a physique when competing IMO . Looks good from a “ fashion “ perspective but not bodybuilding"
Next update I’ll add some WPD pose for fun
"But for any professional setting I definitely still need to be proficient, at a minimum, wouldn't you say?"
I think like $60 for me and husband and kid but I don’t even know.
There's people that would pay you to do that on webcam
"My mother and brothers did, yeah. Skinny and/or scrawny."
"I eat full fat cheese. Yogurt I want to save as many calories I want because I throw in mix-ins. Chopped fruit, swirl of jam, chocolate of any kind chopped up, marshmallows, cereal. If you used bb.com from 08 to 11 you'd have heard of this and protein fluff. I usually get yogurt and slowly mix in anywhere from a scoop to a scoop and a half of my choice of whey and some dairy milk or nut milk if it's your thing. I then pick what I want. It's something I made about once a week and it's like eating a full meal without sitting down to a meal. It's very filling and I can knock a decent amount of macros and micros in if I've got a decent amount of ""good"" stuff in the day.

As for PB2 or PBFit... lol I have those but never thought of using them in yogurt. Wow, I feel like a moron."
But Connor is/was pretty popular?
Ouch.  Lost one of the greats.
"My bad guys this is not Hwang Chul-soon, it’s Seung Chul-Lee. I confused the two"
"Does anyone else feel that they look good in the mirror, but the second a camera takes a picture of you it looks the opposite of what the mirror shows?"
"Good eye - but they're actually too big, which is why I'm sliding forwards in them. Have ordered some insoles for the front so my toes don't slip out the front so much!"
"This is like saying there's two sides to the scientific finding that smoking increases lung cancer risk. Yeah, there are a few on the other side but it's an utter waste of time to include it when discussing issues because there's 99.99+% consensus that it's true."
ok thank u
I just want my chubbies to fit like this…😩
"Honestly I have no idea lol, you can buy one of those amazon scales that tells you body fat and body composition tho idk how accurate they are"
"Lol, yeah I did"
"I would say you're on good pace. You will never win every show. Nobody does. Compete because you enjoy it, and take any show as a learning experience."
Thanks bro I'll look these up and give em a shot.
"Lol dude it’s not even offended…it’s just like a “really?” moment. Like I said, you want help, shit like that ain’t it chief."
I see you realized I wasn’t joking with my comment. Man is crazy but a good crazy
"Yeah thats not happening, but keep up the fox news bs if you want

What would an Australian know about Australia anyway"
nope. nope. definitely not. cognitive distortions my friend.
He is saying this for covid safety reasons because he knows many people don't care and don't follow the rules and for the safety of the country.
"Ah, that sucks man. Check out John Jewett’s Animal Homegrown program. Jewett is a super smart dude, that is mostly bodyweight stuff and will definitely work better than messing around with light dumbbells. Also take the time now to get your diet set up and work on any mobility issues you have so once you can hit the gym you get the best possible progress!"
Appreciate the advice!
"Totally agree, great quads and lats"
Where does it hurt?
Good read. Thank you
"No are just stupid
Same stats would mean same bf or else some obese person would also have same stats idiot
He is not over any natty scale lol how can you even say so
I think i recall you calling me a fake natty a little over a year ago aswell🤣"
Don't obsess over an arbitrary number assigned as body fat percentage. If you want to lose weight then do a diet + cardio + resistance training.
"If you don't have a needle in your ass or a pill in your mouth while you are being asked, then you're natural."
Rest and very low calories
OH and also [LOOK AT MY ADORABLE FUCKING DOG](https://i.imgur.com/eToFaQ0.jpg)
When I took it I had ridiculous pumps &amp; was never tired idk what this guy is on about.
"YES, you sir, have an upvote."
Pray for this guys dock
I tried but the sub doesn't allow option to join or post freely.
It looks like his entire right upper body is smaller than his left. I guess he just wanted to even things out?
"Yeah looks pretty comparable to last year, plus his waist is tighter this year. But its hard to compare without a full set of pics, and that livestream is just ass."
No. You still need an adequate amount of food to sustain daily function and preserve muscle. Driving calories down just to avoid cardio is a HORRIBLE idea. It's much easier for you to burn 300 calories doing cardio than it is to reduce food by 300 calories when food is already low.
"Yeah man in this field there are people claiming all sorts of magic . The whole internet is filled with it haha . I only filter out the things that seem helpful  to me.

Good point about giving ur self some slack . Progress will come naturally as our bodies adapt ."
One guy at my old gym described it pretty well I think: for calves you start counting reps only if it starts to burn.
"Had a 7 mile run on rest day, felt great!"
No problem!
"You have to be my favorite natty physique on the sub. I honestly think nothing is missing or overpowering anything else, good detail, nice and conditioned but not stringy. Also the quad cuts are so deep! And at 6’1 and 20 y/o, you have great potential"
True. Should call them everyday to shame them.
"Bummer about your show getting cancelled, but you got this. Great crimson posers btw, looks good."
"That’s an excellent idea mate, I’m currently working on This prototype and need more info to incorporate it, I will consider this idea, i highly appreciate the feedback mate"
"Dude I legitimately think EVERYTHING is best burnt. Veggies, popcorn, potatoes... yum 🤤"
I have that easy and my arms are definitely still small
Good bro! Currently reading a book my mom recommended named *A Man Called Ove* and I’m really enjoying it! Hbu?
"Back in the mid 2000s, I was always amazed by Jonnie Jackson's traps. They looked liked a smaller man with Johnnie's head was trying to escape his body."
No drugs and barely any protein and you literally defecate on 98% of this sub lmao
Thanks man
ur gona died
"I just remember the quote "" I will fuck her if its the last thing I do."" It happens sometimes man, you'll get through this a better person than before."
"Yes; I was trying to acknowledge that with the ""hehe""!"
Fuck yeah. Ice those sterilized balls.
For conventional I'd recommend Alan thralls guide to deadlifts on YouTube. It's like 6 steps.
"My unemployment quest of the week is figuring out how to play drums at my house without being an asshole to neighbors.  Short of massive construction projects, idk what I can realistically do 🙁

I'm enjoying the point of my bulk where I seem to be making progress on all my lifts simultaneously.  It's gonna suck when I start cutting in a month, but being lean is gonna be cool 🙂 Maybe if we're extra lucky, society will reopen and I'll be able to get groped by drunk women."
Yeah I think it’s too little water + high sodium
"For the love of all that is swole-y, HOW do I get my biceps to match. I’m a weightlifter thats taken up bodybuilding, and for the life of me I cannot get a pump in my right bicep. My left is a solid inch bigger than my right and no matter what I do I can’t get the same sensation in the right as I do in the other side"
Wish he'd measure them already. Frank did and his were 17s. I'm guessing his are 16s.
Thanks for the advice 🙏🏿
"I'm just saying it's better to train 1or 2 reps before failure most of the time rather than to failure, which should only be occasionally"
Maybe she wants you and your smelly shit
"The problem with 5/3/1 and 3x3-5 is it's extremely low volume.

&amp;#x200B;

that's why I can't hop onto any routine because it's either boring, low volume stuff or a good program but without a rep scheme I desire"
"Consider it as recovery, don’t go too crazy with food, but your body will thank you for the rest!~"
"You shouldn’t have to ruin your whole life for it. Life is all about balance. 

When I was your age I no lifed the gym, I skipped family events, left Christmas early, news years early, didn’t have dinner with my immediate family for 12 months and more because I was dedicated to going 7 days a week at 7pm. 

Eventually you realise that you can still enjoy your hobby and your outside life, sometimes you just need to compromise. I found that people online such as these communities and YouTube channels help with the whole needing to relate thing. 

I’ve also made many friends through the sport, and have a girlfriend that joins me in workout out etc. you can choose to build your circle around what you love.

At the end of the day hobbies are meant to be enjoyed, and if you’re stressing about it affecting your life, something needs to change."
Why win two pro cards?
Unless you're competing allow yourself some non strict meals. Life isn't all bodybuilding all the time
Ahhhh. Makes much more sense. Good luck! 😌👍
Why do you need bars to improve yourself socially
Well I guess I’m no longer a lesbian
"Straight and speaking as someone that technically has that opportunity, no"
What a great chest.
"Yes sir, lol, until Feb 18th of this year. Just started my first cycle. So 40lb 100% natty. 5lb up on this cycle already."
"Yeah I'm finding GB odd in that respect too, where he says use the same weight as last week but 4x10 instead of 4x8 for example. Relies on me having written it down! Unless the spreadsheet comes with it when bought? The PDF is a faff to scroll down from the start before each session, although guess I could print it or something."
Glad to hear someone else holds water in their nips too lol
If you want big arms you work out your arms. If you want big abs you work out your abs.
"1. If gym says you have to, please do.

2. If you feel safer with it, do it. Don't listen to those that are upset they had to wear it for the past 1+ year; them not wanting to wear it anymore has nothing to do with you.

That being said, you're almost completely immune now that you are vaccinated &amp; catching CoViD is very unlikely (though nothing is 100%)."
Calling someone a dickhead and I don’t bat and eye. Calling the head of a penis a dickhead sounds weird as hell even tho that’s literally what it is 😅
"Happy Monday motherfuckers!

5’7” 178 lb

https://i.imgur.com/cWwJZCz.jpg https://i.imgur.com/sJbrSnD.jpg https://i.imgur.com/Pl61XjL.jpg"
Great look. What sort of calories are toy eating right now to lean out at that weight?
"Wtf is this shit, get tf out of here lil twink lookin ass"
" What stretches should I do to super thourougly stretch my shoulder, back front and inside and everything"
"I have no idea, I live in an area where it's mostly old people so there's not much danger, maybe some guy who feels a little too important"
Okay Ronnie
This whole thread is a murder scene. I’m out.
"JM Blakely  
Dave Tate

Not BBs but strong as fuck and they know their shit."
"It's hard for people without a clear goal in mind to understand that mindset. 

Hell, I even remember being like that myself as a teenager. I couldn't for the life of me understand why one of my friends couldn't skip a day or two of training. It clicked for me one day when he told me straight up ""it's not that I can't skip it, I don't want to skip it"". 

He ended up being a pretty good soccer player, and I'd chalk that up largely to his determination.

Took me until I was 25 to get serious about training, and now I'm the one who has to explain to friends why I'm training new years day morning, haha.

If you have a dream, go fucking get it. Anyone who doesn't want to be a part of that has made their choice not to support you. 

My girlfriend probably doesn't get why I spend so much time in the gym, but she has her own hobbies that border on obsessions, so she gets my passion and supports me."
So this is how I would look like at 196Ibs 6’ 3”
This makes me very angry.
A conservative anti-masker?  How original.
Uh... no
I agree. I'm going to focus on making sure everything is balanced before I move back to deadlifts.
"Oh cool, I didn't know you were an expert on 1960s Austrian military laws."
"Appreciate it, thank you!"
"GOOD FUCKING MORNING it's friday guys, kill your lifts and stay positive. Back, bi's and forearm day today for me - then girlfriends place after work. She wants me to stay all weekend and Sunday night, go straight to work from her house and use her gym. Sounds like she wants me to start staying over during the week too. 🥺"
"&gt;is it okay to use abit of leg kick to ""force the rep in""?

Why not just use a band? That way you're still working the proper muscle without using momentum/swing/kip.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoI1az_pWcE"
So go eat some buddy. Full on restriction can be detrimental unless you're prepping for the stage or something.
Oh I forgot to put in the original post (I’ll go fix it) if you like really sweet stuff you can add 3-5 packets of sweetener. I used 5 but I like everything stupidly stupidly sweet
Lookin like a dried sponge. Peeeeeeled
"Eh, I’d say it really comes down to trust vs. distrust."
I don’t even take creatine anymore. Guess I’m a non responder.
"Tried it for while. I think you'd have better results from:

Blast (exogenous testosterone for libido)

Atleast a Gallon of Water (seminal and precum volume)

Kegels (for load distance and orgasm intensity)

Edging and not jacking off for a week or two. (Helps with getting you primed)

A balanced diet with a lot of food (fruits, veggies, high amounts of dietary fat).

Watermelon has a boat load of Citrulline in it, as well as high water content, so you get the benefits of higher NO for erections and seminal volume.

Pineapple is supposed to help with taste, so throw some in with a slice of watermelon in a blender.

I think ZMA is the only thing that helped, as I was waking up with morning wood everyday while taking it, and even then I think grabbing a steak or two a week will help more."
Nice work keep it up👍
You look phenomenal! Best of luck!
You can probably look to gain 5-10lbs in the first month. After that I would slow it down
Im a newbie here but really appreciate the advice ive received so far
Extremely impressive bud :)
"I want it, I need it, larges are next. I'm becoming the gaijin Hunter's wet dream ❤️"
"Thanks for posting your height, weight, whether you actually workout, pics, etc. in order to make this a post that is worthwhile discussing. Use some common sense FFS."
Hit bench PR for 2RM today! Had been stuck for a while but awesome to see the lifting/eating pay off. Have a great day everyone!!
I flip my boner up into my waistband. hides it and it feels awesome. Almost blew a load into my bellybutton
"Thanks for the response! I've been training off and on for around 6 years, taking it really seriously the last couple of years and have a full on excel spreadsheet tracking everything haha hopefully the TRT should just help those numbers all get better!"
"Lost me at ""going for a run"""
"He has a great physique for his age. But sometimes there's that one bodypart you have that you're training wrong, and/or your genetics just suck in that area."
"Just saw this bro. I really was hoping your response would be something in which I could reply with “maybe give it another shot” to... but I’m afraid you made the right choice here lol.

Definitely way too stringent, almost to an unsettling degree. The opposite of inviting, which you would expect this kind of organization to excel in..."
"Really?? I love anything mint chocolate but the protein powder was disgusting, it tasted so synthetic and sweet 🤢 literally threw away an 11lb bag"
"&gt;Not sure why this feels different than something like a narrow neutral grip

Maybe because the moment arm (think it's called like that) is closer to you, plus it seems like you would need less stabilization. Looks nice tho, similar to one of those fancy row machines where you position facing down."
"Thanks I definitely will :)

Thanks for taking the time to write up such an awesome piece of information! :)"
I'd start by being honest in the fact that you have such a lack of personality you have to have someone else write your BIOGRAPHY
This is why you keep meals in a cooled safe. Do you even bodybuild bro?
"Heard of a case of a white drug smuggler who got caught in a main city of asia (dont remember which one). He got sentenced to death. 
Drugs are a huge no go there."
"&gt;laymen s terms

It's (mostly) legal drugs used by majority of people either as a capsule or a liquid. Promoted as a 'safe' alternative to steroids with no side effects. It's way less potent, and side effects still happen"
"Winning the Olympia is the biggest accomplishment, but I just feel like the guys who remain on that throne for a couple years are the ones who go down in history. Like I doubt Brandon will be spoken about much in the future.

Yes it’s simply a conviction for now and I agree...I hate seeing people having their lives destroyed over the hypersensitivity of present day society. However, the IFBB is a private organization and keeping an alleged rapist on the roster is a PR nightmare...so I get it."
He's full of shit when he says he's eating 1.2k cals and hasn't lost any weight in a month
"He is legit my favorite bluegrass artist that I've seen in years, especially if you're a guitar player. His flatpicking on acoustic is so good."
Greatest of all time
I'm adding more quotes to the piana bot FYI. lmk what you want added. I'm only adding stuff with youtube links with time stamps.
Anthony mantello if he had narrow shoulders lol
Nice figure
is there any easily accessible cardio I could do since i have flat fleet and it feels like im slapping bricks against the pavement when in running/jogging
It would be really cool to meet Evan.  I can attest that Flex is a nice guy.
"Yes you're definitely ready, no need to wait longer to compete"
Lmao dude is not anywhere near as good as he thinks he is
It is normal to have sex. This is weird
"Yeah I haven't seen it yet. But that's the point, it's kind of sad that the biggest event in the sport has no proper coverage, be it photography or video. And that competitors have to bring in their own cameramen to film anything decent."
"My first big cut I did this with carbs and fats, I’d eat lean protein all day and hit the end of the day with literally no fats and low carbs, I’d have to have a huge bowl of cereal with peanut butter every night"
Meal prepping 20 god damn pounds worth of stew. Gonna freeze some and be eating it for the next week at least
No one here is 100% straight gorgeous
Double standards XD
"My life is a sitcom I'm pretty sure. Between the unrequited love with the gal I was smashing in my last character arc and my dad getting cancer and not having much time left, it was about time I caught a win."
Lmao
"Thank you! making posts isn’t my best skill lmao, plus it’s been a long day so I didn’t reread it at all since I’m trying to get college work done"
"Shit lol I remember you, congrats on your transformation but stop lying about your gear use - you went as far as to post yourself on nattyorjuice and say “I’m natty and you can achieve this” 
You don’t have to yell your stack from the roof tops but stop going out of your way to lie"
Did these guys have a falling out at some stage? Could anyone shed some light on what happened?
"Need cutting advice. 188cm/6'2 91kg/200lbs currently cutting at 25c, 184p, 140f: 2100kcal. Not feeling great and any lower in calories makes me feel terrible. Thinking of swapping to 184c, 184p, 70f: 2100kcal.

I think I'm about to 14-15bf. 

Thoughts?"
Ya being that dehydrated is terrible for your body.
Oh you mean like your physique pics don’t be a fuck. Check your ego it was a simple critique one that you should’ve known.
just stop
"That’s fair, I was just curious on a factual level, not really looking to argue about who David laid votes for lol"
"Yeah if he kept the gut in check, he'd still be Mr.O"
"Ain’t that the truth. I just crave cereal right now. But even low Calorie cereal is high calorie. Just cut my favorite condiments out now I’m down to just hot sauce, salsa, and sugar free barbeque. I’m gonna eat the fuck out of mayo in July"
So weird looking at his neck and how it transitions. It looks like a normal guy from the neck and then it transforms and looks weird af.
From 0 to 100 how much of a badass do you feel right now?
"Wtf with the mask comments?  There’s no one I can see to wear a mask around (at least he’s got handy). Besides, the pic is for bodybuilding, not proper COVID protocol. 
What do you weigh off season and what’s your target comp weight?"
Insane lat insertions
It’s even worse when you’re not broke because then you don’t even have being broke as an excuse.
"error 404, the only mustache I can shape are my pubic hair"
I don't blame you her response was rude.
You got this man. Looking great for 10 weeks out.
"I was so shitty took 40 minutes to get home from the gym tonight because you know road works, should take 12 max. I stopped in at Coles and got a wagon wheel! Haven’t had one in years. I’m happy now."
you too brother thanks for the advice
Easily top 5. If he doesn’t make first call outs I’ll be really surprised.
"Lol it seems I took a shit on Ronnie, im sorry mr Coleman"
"Yeah ngl idk why I'm on this sub but that dude on the right looks disgusting, why are people actively striving to have that body?"
"Shit bro, I just hit my 2 years in a few months ago. I can't complain yet. 

I hope all is well for you man."
I had a dream last night that a hamburger was eating me
"[thought you lot would like to see what the legs look like now cuts and vascularity are showing.... ](https://imgur.com/a/LjBOR21)

10.5 weeks out, 182.4lb this morning.

Edit: FFS Imgur stop downgrading the quality...."
"So I’m not nearly as hungry on the cut as I expected, I’m down 11lbs, I’m supposed to be at 2100 calories a day but the last few days I have had 1200-1400 left for dinner, unsure if i should force myself to get closer or just take the extra calories and lose the weight faster. I’ve eaten 800 calories and have had 86g of protein so far"
You could end up compromising the growth of your johnson. Don't do it.
"No chance!  Barely in surplus I would imagine but the food I ate would be the sort to give loads of bloat. And also retain water. 
The comment did make me feel better. 21000 in excess imagine that!"
Ok I’ve never seen a person rip there Pec doing machine press. I have seen people tear and snap shit up on bar bell pressing. If you really wanna go on about how bar bells r better I’m good. I grow fine from machines and db. And I feel them both better then barbell anyway which matters even more.
Sheesh thanks for the crazy compliment.
"Insane progress. If you decide you want to pursue this as a career, please wait till early 20s at least before tasting the sauce."
I had that once and it sucked. I forgot what made it go away.
Kamals back is super underrated
No idea. Just get something rated for climbing if you want to play it safe
Fantastic effort. You should be proud of your results.
"Good old rice! Always have some of those 1 minute on the microwave packs, they are handy AF."
"Yup, i just wish i was back to my old strength/stamina. It was nust a month ago"
How the fuck can you spend however many 10s of thousands of bucks on your gym and still have pin and pipe safties lol.
"where is ""how do i refund this shit"""
You can body build in a healthy way. Body building does not automatically mean steroids.
"Damn, the most I'll leave in reserve is 3, and even though I have a lot of experience it's pretty hard to judge when I've hit the right point. I can only imagine that a newbie doing ""4 reps in reserve"" means bailing on the exercise as soon as the reps start slowing down."
Seriously one of those games that makes me feel so damn nostalgic bro. Agree /u/PapaMagorium play Asylum then City. They hold up.
no u
Thank you! Prob my two best areas
"See I'm a 308lb class PL, why risk it when you can be fat and happy all the time?"
"Thisssss bro this! This is so important and I LOVE the way you approached it. Just honest feedback. Also I wanna say congrats buddy on losing that much weight and now getting ready for a show. Seriously, huge steps in the right direction here"
I feel bad for man children man. Often times it's the parents.
"Yeah I remember seeing bodybuilding contests on TV all the time when I was a kid, back in the 90s. And we didn’t have a fancy cable package or anything, pretty standard."
"My lower back is absolutely fucked and it’s so discouraging. I tweaked it in the beginning of April, played with baby weight on squats and deadlifts for a month and after my deload a week ago it felt great. 

Pulled a light 525 deadlift single last night, and proceeded to tweak it again. Sigh"
Be sure to let us know how they are. Revive has some great athletes in their team.
Haha 😂
thanks buddy
Idk I don't care about stage since I'm not competing but I mean if it the waist always stays shrunk we got some work to do
"good man, I stopped smoking about 4 weeks ago."
"Good luck in the recovery bro. Are you using anything to help recovery? I wish I did after my surgery, even to help stop muscle wastage would have been nice."
"I've had a lot of fun at bars, but rn is not a good time to go to them for rather obvious reasons."
lol it's not hard to track any of that stuff. Get better.
"Lmao idk but i love when bodybuilders smile while posing, idk looks so funny lol"
"Thanks to everyone that suggested pickling my own red onions! I pickled them two days ago in boiled water, vinegar, and salt, and now it’s time to try em out!

https://imgur.com/a/K1bUk7X"
"Patrick. Better size, structure and most importantly, we've seen what this guy can bring to the pro stage. A lot of our conjecture with regards to Blessing is because we've never seen him beside some of absolute units. Indy should give more clarity."
Haven’t really put a number on it. Probably wouldn’t want to spend more than a few grand.
I miss the days when i though the rock's physique was obtainable natural
"something, my bad i’m used to using text abbreviations all the time lol"
"Glad to hear you didn't skip it man, those workouts end up being the best ones!"
Nice! Since it’s SOMS I’ll suggest more hams and calves to balance out your proportions.
He looked way better then Phil did last year that's for sure
"Excuse me, I’m trying to run a business here.

Buzz off with all your “transparency” and  “consumer protection” and “child labor laws” nonsense."
Good to know. Glad I was wrong about that.
"Haha, thank you?!"
Yep but that time isn’t set in stone and you can plan your study time with your gym time in mind.
"I’ve lost ~50lb this cut and felt very good for the most part. Last 2 weeks have been shit tho. As of today I have a week to go and energy levels are all time low. Cravings are pretty insane but still manageable. But when you think through your progress from the start then you should be okay for the most part. 

As for caffeine, I drink like 2-3 cups of coffee. Help with energy and keep me somewhat full."
Fuck is smth
"Idk if I have though, I'm just finding it really hard to put on more weight the past while which is why I'm asking..."
Thanks brother just takes longer!
Awesome work
Squats and walking. Easy.
I honestly had no clue it was that prevalent is all. Interesting
"Yes, completely agree, everyone’s different!"
"Haha! I was thinking the same. I think it has to do with the wrinkles under the eyes (which the lighting highlights), thinning eyebrows and receding hairline. Yes, he looks way above his age. When bodybuilders kept it simple with ""supplements"" back in the day, they looked way younger."
i like that denis wolf type of long torso tho
It’s decent. Don’t worry about it though
"Upper body looks great, I think your legs are good too but you chose the wrong angle and lighting for this pic which doesn't do justice to your lower body at al."
Yeah he won tampa pro this year
"I have a weird habit of mixing random flavors together for PWO drink to see how bad or good random combinations can be. My latest chemical cocktail was grape bubblegum(pwo), watermelon candy(non-stim pump), and strawberry kiwi(cluster dextrin). It honestly didn't taste as bad as it sounds, but I've had some horrendous tasting pre's before so maybe I'm bias."
Need to lose weight
I’m pretty sure every time this photo of flex is posted it’s the photoshopped version. Still one of the most iconic bodybuilding shots of all time though.
Rest In Paradise
Best physique of all time. Chest is the GOAT. Thank God he wasn’t in the mass monster era.
Dude in my gym with a nasty ass cough. Fuck off man if you’re not feeling well stay home you bitch
"Wow, well done 👏🏽"
"People abuse this term, but that is genuine Karen behavior."
"Free pass bro, keep it up."
Haha  understood
"Saw a couple friends yesterday that I hadn't seen in 10 years since high school. Their names are Rectus &amp; Abdominis.

feelsgoodman"
I haven't had any issues with Gamma Bomb.
It's a bit sad the other threads are barren wastelands most of the time
welcome to r/bb x
Give credit where it's due man. Luckily things will feel like a breeze when it gets better. Been in a similar situation where you're tired AF and have a mentally taxing job and that shit ain't easy.
"Yeah what’s /u/braizenmaiden said, why are you struggling? I know I struggled when I was in the quarter system so I had to lower my course load and had to stay in extra year. I know I love engineering even tho I wanted to blow my brains in college."
"The only weight i care about is the one that's gonna be on my shoulders after work today.

BEEFCAKE"
"[This is the worst deadlift I've ever seen that didn't involve a bicep tear or fainting.](https://www.instagram.com/reel/CNQYS2Jjspj/?igshid=1jc7pg6n8vlnl)

Well, maybe he did faint at the end."
Progressive overload and high volume. Pick whatever exercise you want and use those principles.
"That’s a beautiful front double, I tell you what"
"Mfers who take 4-6 minute rests on isolations machines such as the pec dec. it’s a got damn isolation, why are you using the same rest time you’d use for a squat. Making me wait 15 mins for a chest pump smh"
"I’m natural. I’m also playing into the strengths of the division I compete in. I’ll bring my legs up to speed soon, don’t you worry :)

I’ve also been working out since I was 16 and I’m 25"
"This is the perfect place to have this discussion bro

I would ask why do you have more confidence in aas drugs than you do in the vaccine?

Keeping in mind that I assume your aas drugs won’t be administered by a dr.

Do you trust your dealer more than a dr?"
"Most definitely will take the posing advice, last year I was meant to be in classic physique I guess that’s why I’m standing tall in my side chest. Thanks!

I have appointments for message the next period of time as I’m really stiff some places, especially in my upper back as you mentioned. Hopefully that will give me more mobility, and help me in that BDB pose.

Yeah the last 6 weeks will be though. I’m keeping my head down, and focusing on getting sh*t done. Routine is practiced daily.

Thanks for all the kind words mate!"
"What's your training like, any details on routine/exercise selection?"
:(
"anyone successfully rehabilitate elbow tendonitis? if so, what was the process like? pls help im slowly starting to look like a t-rex."
"Abdulalala Jamal is a friend of mine and was a judge in this competition, Andrew got extra point just because he is naturally Jacked compared to other juicing competitors."
I feel like Jay cutler quad stomp year was the last time they nailed it. That or Jay's conditioning was so good that it made the lighting look good.
"Yeah it's kinda fun actually going back to old dad's, definitely recommend"
Lol what?
I tend to agree and don't lock out anyway because I like the tension on the muscle.
"I can't because I don't want to.

I'm in really early stages of hair loss to the point where I can barely notice looking at older photos.  Just a bit of temple recession and thinning.  I think if I attack it now, it may be completely reversible.  Worth a shot."
Lol yes. I confused for isometric or isolateral.
Yeah ik I just need to lose a few more percent in b 4% and I’m gonna be fine especially in the teen division
"He may be an idiot but that’s the correct usage lol

With acronyms you go with what it sounds like, not the letter."
:/
Don’t be jealous king 👑 just go to the gym and build your own masterpiece 🙏🏽
Now I wanna see you bulk and get stout af
Her thanks a lot!! I hope it can motivate people :) also appreciate you checking out the podcadt
Ya that's it thanks
"I'm not saying he looks like a pro body builder or that he can even come close to competing with them, I'm just saying this is a better look. Not competition wise at all, just in general."
Sorry to hear that bro. What kind of ED?
I thought you meant like a jazzy for after leg day
"I *refuse* to let good cooking take backseat to culinary ideology 

You take your nonsensical dichotomy and throw it back in whatever wretched gulag kitchen it came out of"
So we jerking off young guys now? Alright people make a line!! Who’s first
Lol thanks man! Will make corrections and repost
"Haven't listened to them in years, but yeah I used to love them for a while, especially The Sufferer &amp; the Witness. One of the bands that was a gateway for me getting into ""heavier"" music"
"His post history is just full of sad delusion. No way in hell the dude is natural. Doing a recomp of that magnitude in a year or even two years since he's changed his story is impossible. His traps, delts, and facial muscles show characteristic drug use signs. And he had the gall to be like ""muh genes bro"""
"This random dude from Riverdale is a true sigma

We should all aspire to his levels of #grindset

https://youtu.be/4E98Jmv5oQA"
"That's one reason I feel lucky to live in the UK, the apprenticeships system is fucken excellent. Although the drastically lower wages for the sector I want to work in isn't amazing."
"Finally found a good coach for me, and in the last place I would’ve guessed. Picked up a summer job at a local country club, fitness manager there is a phenomenal BB and offered to coach me for free!

We are deloading this week, before going into a high intensity bro split. Prayers for me bros that I don’t lose my damn mind lifting 3x this week haha."
"60lbs, holy fuck. What did you weigh pre prep for that show?"
I had no idea! Thanks for noticing!
Your legs look great man
Its funny that i know what gym that is.
Good job! I think your ready right now. Perfection! Good luck
Vinegar as well. Virtually calorie free and just a splash brings a lot of flavor. Balsamic goes great on potatoes or veggies
I would say only to join the military in a job you know you can get a job with if you get out of the military such as engineering or supply because all those other combat arms jobs only lead to being a minimum wage worker at best.
"I loved having Cedric as a commentator. His love of bodybuilding really showed, he’s a huge proponent of classic physique, and he did a good job acting almost like a podcast host, prompting the others to create interesting dialogue"
"Dog shit. Use google, read the wiki, and go to r/fitness."
"Love it bro. Up the test some more, that's what's holding you back right? Maybe one day you won't hate yourself so much."
"that's a bit dark. Besides, what lying thing are you talking about?"
"RIP knees, unless my feet are at the very top of the platform my knees can’t stand pendulum"
"I agree. Personally I have limited followers and either know everyone personally, friends of friends or from this sub… because I’m not actively posting the daily shit (or trying to make the daily shit interesting content cos let’s face it, it’s not lol), when I do post, I get heaps of engagement. 

I don’t follow fitness people unless they’re posting educational content. I check on my faves every now and again but don’t follow cos it’s boring, self indulgent crap. Plus I *know* the girls posting their workouts don’t actually train like that to look the way that they do. Banded crab walks ain’t building shit."
"Lower the weight, use only the bar if need be, focus on driving your elbows back behind you and squeezing your shoulders together. If you don’t feel it in your back, it’s too heavy."
Creatine is like the only supplement that is scientifically proven to work and be totally safe. I think it’s like 5% increase in strength or something but regardless of the numbers no reason not to use it. You can get a years worth for like 30$ online
"Just like palpitations? How long do they last? They are normal, but only to a degree."
"Is there an easier way to make a casserole and not have to add up all the ingredients in order to figure out the macros and calories? https://i.imgur.com/0qqdMpJ.jpg

Made this high protein low carb pasta lasagna bake with tons of squash, eggplant and supergreens. It’s dope."
I am currently bulking but i have serious acid acid reflex and can't eat sufficient calories. Any advice??
"[googling calories of ""fresh ingredients"" is so complicated right bro?](https://gyazo.com/bc225426aa8cdeeb9534f01def3c42c3)"
Haha awesome man. I’m always curious to know how everyone feels during prep so thanks for sharing brotha.
haha all i did was bench/squat/deadlift i barely did any other movements
"looks like it's just a clothing sponsorship, not a change of coaching"
"I have class twice a week but luckily I also have a gym in the apt complex I live in.

*Un*fortunately, this gym is straight up cables &amp; dumbbells that only go to 25, but we all gotta make it work, right babe?"
Why did you get injured?
I did. I want everyone to see this chicks asshole.
Oh damn that's actually really impressive. With his structure I reckon he couldve won mr olympia if he hopped on
"""it's like a weighted vest bro you wouldn't get it"""
Not sure why I got downvoted lol
You have one hell of an angle on that picture. How tall are you?
"Pull up bar is ready for CD2 lmao,  not bothered with pull-ups as I didn’t have a bar but the program calls for it. 

https://www.instagram.com/p/CMHzyL2JSGN/?igshid=4kuam8xoqogt"
"Not to be “that guy” because his progress is absolutely unbelievable and he’s arguably the most dominant competitor in any division right now (depending on if Ramy can come in conditioned the next few years), but go to Instagram, find a picture of you jacked, and crank the structure setting up. Tell me what you see."
Yes
"afaik, it must have been missed by skeezy yesterday.  I'll check"
cut was cake from ~185 to 175 lbs these past several weeks going down to about 12% bf but i'm really feeling it now. goals 168 and im down to 173 but soooo hungry after meals and lethargic as hell. thinking of going maintenance for a few days while dealing w finals (fuck quarter system) and see from there or maybe i just need to stop being a bitch 😅
You are nobody's adventure bb. You are more than that King.
Tristan just takes creatine bro /s
"I like the regular “mountain trail mix” with the m&amp;ms. I think I’ve had targets tropical one with the dried pineapple, was ok but can’t beat the classic"
"Thank you for the information but I'm still not wrong

Let's say you're goal is to lose weight you have to eat less calories right? The obvious thing is to eat less but what are you gonna sacrifice carbs fat or protein?

You could just sacrifice some carbs or a bit of everything.

Most Americans already connusme too much fast food and sodas so that's where I'd start before making any other diet changes

Correct me if I'm wrong."
Unfortunately I've only tried Syntha6 and Gold Standard  Caseins
"Yeah, I work as software developer at home and needed a hobby for short breaks from pc, so I started to learn fast shooting with a bow... And drawing during calls. Nice hobby, I can recommend that. Fiancee has to watch out though ;D"
Then she said “Nevermind” LOL WHAT
"A great fitness guru once said

""Like I said ... you have the lower body, and you have no upper body, you got a problem, you got a problem building ... wait a minute. You have the upper body, and you have no legs, you have the upper body you have no legs, you got a problem building your legs. You have an upper ... you have the you have the lower body and you don't have the upper body, the upper body, it's easier to build. So if you have the lower body, and you don't have the upper body, it's easier to build the upper body. You have the upper body and you don't have the legs, you got a problem, building the lower body ... NO, YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND! You HAVE, the upper body, but you don't have the lower body, you got a problem building downstairs. You got the up-- the legs on the bottom, it's it's easier to build the top. Yeah."""
:o
"This could be depression mate. Sleep issues, irritable, feelings of guilt, low energy, poor concentration , low appetite, lack of activity, suicidal thoughts 
You might also have a sleep disorder. Either way go to the doctor and eat at maintenance for a week and see how it goes"
"I just shaved my torso, and immediately lost 3% body fat. 

Still kind of fat, but I just got a little more motivation on this cut.

If only I wasn’t constipated"
"The guy is very determined, works hard, and has his head on straight when it comes to bodybuilding. I trust that Brandon and his coach know what they’re doing...but he does look insanely lean regardless."
"lookin great, nice delts, need more chest + sunlight lol"
"Lmfao thanks bro, maybe i can setup a fetish onlyfans...."
Blocked arteries just add to the mass.
Lower weight and focus more on using solely your abs. Go slower.
Prozac helps 🤷‍♂️ Killed my anxiety pretty much.
This looks like a nice app. I generally try avoiding apps that are subscription based. But will see.
ew i hate lunges but i know i should do some
This dick
Great work man
"&gt; It qas about injuries

post better advice like limiting over head pressing"
"Uhh I think he’s won at least 8 + pro shows, and been in the Olympia a few times, also he’s on the biggest BB podcast currently."
"&gt;531

Yeah.. I think that's my problem honestly. I tried Starting Strength and lost interest to go to the gym since it was always the same routine and honestly... was kinda boring. So, I guess since I haven't developed a habit out of working out, I quickly took an indefinite break."
Riccardo Piano is my favorite natural oak instrument
"Do like 5 minutes of research on steroids on google.com. It is an objectively unwise decision to start taking steroids at 16, full stop."
"Because otherwise you just end up blaming yourself for everything bad in your life.

Which I personally prefer.  I'd rather be miserable with a progress-driven mindset than happy and mediocre."
Yep I agree completely. She had much better conditioning
I want Nick walker to win as much as the next guy but that’s a pretty big difference when you’re making comparisons at that level. It’s not going to lose him shows but it’ll still make the difference with guys in this lineup whether he places well. I think he’ll do a lot better than most people think here
Is that all he had? Weak.
"Im built kinda like that dude Alpha Destiny, same height and build. Incels always say that AD is a gymcel though and that there was an experiment done to prove women think he is unattractive.

Am I wasting my time being 5’5 and working out a lot? I just want women to be attracted to my body 😭"
Amazing 🙏🏽
How many scoops of creatine?
"No one is saying he has a bad physique, just that he won’t be Mr.O in classic. Making it to the O is a feat in and of itself, let alone making top 10. He just doesn’t stack up to the top competitors in the division."
In Australia we had 55min blocks and I only ever noticed 1 person stay low need and only ever once. Though we were limited to 20 spots per 55min so it was easier to recognize everyone. Hopefully people will just follow the rules.
"lmfao i'm 32 years old son....all that anime bullshit that you kids like is fucking cringe to me

imagine simping for pea-brained body builder losers lololol, i'd rather suck an exhaust pipe"
Same here man. It sucks you can't even post about bodybuilding in a bodybuilding sub. I'm halfway tempted to create my own sub.
Nice back dude! Christmas tree on point! Keep it up
"Might want to separate TRT and proper cycles in option #3, because I think they're quite different.

I'm definitely going to hop on TRT eventually. But no plans for a proper cycle."
Am I confused on doggcrapp? Just checked it out and the first day you only do 1 set of each exercise? Huh?
Heh
Shave what? ;)
Yes
Still a waste of tren imo
"Be sure and confident in your posing. Slow down. Be intentional. 
Great physique! You’ll do awesome at your first show!"
Big if true. Big if not.
"Maintaining a healthy bf, doing cardio and resistance training are going to be the things that make more of a difference. Pair the sugars with fibers to lower the GI and youre good to go"
Crying when you're not usually able to is such a relief. Haven't done so for years but would definitely like to cry a bit right now haha.
That has very little to do with going to failure
"I'm enhanced... Not well, but I am haha"
[So how is the cut coming along?](https://i.imgur.com/lg2xV.jpg)
It makes him feel a bit better about what’s in between not being so “alpha”
"Trust the process. As long as your lifts increase, you're on the right track. Totally get the paranoia though. Some fat gain is inevitable. Just don't fist fuck a tub of peanut butter"
"Dropped 20lb of fat and gained 15 of muscle in 4 weeks
all natty brah"
Bro the only reason I even lift is the dream that one day big daddy delts features my physique on a natty or not video.
Reading that again now I really hope someone understand what I meant.
"&gt; Idk about the six pack thing in LA

Agreed with this. People here may be more health and or image conscious, but that doesn't really translate to looking ripped with a shirt off."
Lol you mean plain egg whites arent a vegetable?
"Good ole

    &gt;Posts in bodybuilding, is obese. Also, I know more than you. 

/r/fitness"
damn your back looks really good !
Yep. I even got a new phone because the camera on my old phone was so shitty and always washed me out. It's better now but still never as good as what my eyes show me.
Is your gear protocol dialed in? Like in the sense that you have already experimented with every viable off season compound or are you still trying new shit?
his work ethic and genetics were top tier
Don’t be a pussy brah live hard die hard pussy
Hell yeah. I count at least 5 guys with a legit shot at 1st.
yeah and in the end looks like he won because of it. definitely not out of shape by any means but i agree he needs a tighter package for the olympia
*inhales* British is not an accent! But nice that you appreciate it bb ;)
"Planet Fitness can be overwhelming the first time you walk in! Don't worry, after a few more visits it'll feel like home to you!"
He’s like 6’2
You mother fucker. I read the whole thing and got an engaged in the story and then you pull that.
Yeah it definitely would hide scars as well. That’d be more of a secondary purpose though.
"Yes I would be. I’ve been doing ppl, but I want to switch it up now and priori every arms"
Wrong sub… maybe try the daily discussion on r/fitness
"Assuming you are a beginner don’t worry too much about weight as long as it is difficult and don’t worry too much about isolation movements (like bicep curls) and focus on good technique and progressive overload (increasing weight/reps weekly) on compound movements (movements that use more joints and muscle mass, like squat, bench, deadlift, barbell-row, ...)"
Would be great to prioritize it now
"Yeah they wrap around your wrist and act as a bypass for your grip.
I get pain in my elbows when I grip 225+ due to an injury and yesterday I was able to grip 255 with no pain using them. I just got them, though. I'm gonna try heavier weight this coming week but so far they seem pretty legit."
yeah see a gynecologist
"The pod is like a huge room lined with cells.  The ""recess area"" is the dayroom which is part of the pod.

Yeah I've heard of different things they've done to deal with it.  A lot of places have the plates welded to the barbells so it's almost impossible to use them as weapons.  

The place I was at was like a ""baby penitentiary"" for people with sentences between 1-8 years so we kinda didn't have the benefits of people in fed and some of the better state facilities.  But also getting stabbed and shit was a lot less likely so that's always a good thing.

Thanks for the updates.  I didn't know machines ever went out of popularity lol.  Great for isolation.  I haven't heard of John Meadows before now but I'll check him out.  Does he have stuff on youtube?"
"As an entirely unbiased and impartial commenter, I would say yes he is right."
"Dumb question incoming:  


When a program says X sets by Y reps at Z RIR, are you actually expected to get the exact number of reps and RIR every set? Or is it just a goal? Because I figure it would take some precise knowledge of your fatigue. Also, when I'm training hard my reps usually drop from set to set."
"sounds good to me man, looking great and lean for the bulk. whats the blast going to be? tomorrows pose is back double bicep in case you missed it so make sure to get some new pics!"
Appreciate that
then you dont know what a muscle looks like
If it makes any short guys feel better I did a catfish with Chris Bumstead but put my height as 5’5 and still got hordes of women matching with me.
Looking good my friend
great smile!
"Met a really sweet girl from hinge and my 'tism did not flare up (thanks phenibut). Right after our date I find out that bastard Doug Ford issued a stay at home order. 

Why do ya gotta cockblock me like this dougie :("
Idk about jacked but definitely a solid start
Go figure out your dead bedroom weirdo.
"Getting real sick of every fit chick at my gym putting their bag on some machine then proceeding to do a slow ass circuit set across 6 different things, then bitching at anyone who dares actually use the equipment."
"Dude what a piece of shit, holy hell"
"Ahah 2nd time I got this, my favorite reference"
"On arguably the least alpha location you can imagine, except maybe around your asshole like the Red Hot Chili Peppers logo"
Yes
Phil probably is the best genetic bodybuilder who has ever lived. Not the best show wise but the man has muscle like a GMO cow
"Just muscle tightness, pressure alleviates it but it literally swells to look like a tumour lmao"
"Insane physique for that age. Stick to it, you're going to be huge in no time. Good luck and the best to you."
"Twas, and it was rich asf. The fucking cheesecake was 800 per slice, and the blocks of fudge (the bottom rightmost) we're 670 each Lmao. Xmas food was fun"
"probably one of the worst fitness decisions I've ever made

I looked cool for the first 5 weeks then looked like a sloppy fat retard for the next 11"
"I'd be worried she'd take half that new equipment. IDK how divorces work wrt property and when they can no longer get half your shit, but I would hate to have half my gym shit 'taken'."
No u
"*quick glimmer of hope is seen in his eyes that by putting each one in a 1000 calorie surplus he can increase the weight by 8 pounds per week, in one year that allows for an additional 200 pounds. Quickly Google searches ""most  total child weight deadlifted in 1 minute"" followed by ""top ten tips on how to improve benching when using children instead of free weights"""
That’s pretty cool! And he still looks great!
"If I could guarantee that it would come out clean I might have, but it's feeling a little sketchy rn"
ok thx
"Hahahaha thanks FSPS, means a lot coming from you (not sarcasm I value your opinions on this board a lot) and yes I always freaking do that when I finish the set for some reason ha!"
Thanks!
Top 5? No chance but seeing him in that bottom 3 call out when he was inside out and the others were 6 weeks out sucked. I have spoken to him about it before I know it really hurt him to place last looking so good in his hometown at his favorite show
"I gotta say I absolutely love when you post updates cause you have an amazing smile and mustache man. 

Can't forget about that physique either tho. ❤️"
"Thank you for the advice, Stephen Hawking."
"No, MK will have a minimal impact if anything. It doesn't even prevent MPB in the first place it just is supposed to increase density overall. I would not even touch RAD140 if you are concerned about hair loss. What you're listing is also an absolute shit tier cycle and shows you have no understanding of gear or anaoblics. Running 3 different sarms without a fucking test base?? I bet you don't even bench 250. There is no such thing as a hair safe cycle but the closest you can get is to run low dose test with a 5-AR inhibitor (ideally Dutasteride). If you want even more protection you could add in a topical anti-androgen like [RU-58841.](https://RU-58841.So) So the most hair safe cycle would be something like 300-500 mg test + Dutasteride + RU58841. Even on a low cycle like this, guys have reported increased shedding, which shows there are no truly hair safe anabolics. And MPMD didn't maintain his hairline running heavy cycles. He lost a lot of ground and then had to blast Fin/RU/MK to get his hair back. He got lucky that he was able to recover so much density, he says this himself. Overall, it sounds like you have no clue on what the fuck you're doing so if you are concerned about your hair go improve your diet and don't touch gear."
Alright mate. Thanks for the help
"Read the books:

No More Mr Nice Guy by Robert Glover

Models my Mark Manson

It's quite easy to find girls who are passionate about lifting on instagram, your local gym, your local bar scene, a crossfit gym, tinder, bumble, etc. 

My fiance was always intimidated by weights and didnt know what to do, but [now she loves to lift](https://imgur.com/a/tEgj5Zh) while before she was a cardio bunny. Just gotta be more creative."
Fair point. Was just curious but long as I'm progressing on both it doesn't really matter.
"As a newbie, can you please explain the gyno to me so I can understand what you're looking at?"
"Only if I wake up badly, usually I know I have to get to the gym and so power through."
"Estrogen fluctuation is pretty significant too. E2 elevation lags behind test and fluctuations like that where you mess up AI or a pin by a day can cause acne to pop up. I pin once a week on my cruise and if I pin one day late I'll have a few white heads on my back. I can run like 800 test with no ai and be fine but if I miss one pin, acne. None whatsoever if I'm on time."
"No I meant more than 1900 , like that’s my “maintain” apparently, I eat 2500 easily"
Lookin like a Wood Carving of a Beast was probably his best asset.
Luscious locks and lifting blocks
no u
Everyone is motivated by different things. I was born pretty poor so I’m motivated by fear of poverty. Some people are motivated to succeed.. I’m motivated by fear.
It’s not gay if you suck your own dick
That's what you said. Going to failure and doing less volume isn't better for growth than doing more volume with sufficient intensity but stopping shy of failure.
"Love his stuff!
A program from Joe and Ben Pollack sounds interesting. I'd love to see this program as well. 
I tried to buy Pollack's new powerbuilding program which is a mix of MountainDog and DoggCrapp programming, but you had to subscribe to his whole app. I wanted to purchase just the one program. If anyone has this program I would like to see it."
He likes garlic and power I suppose
Thanks bro
Having chronic pain is a nightmare in Czechia. You'd have to be dying from cancer to get prescribed even mild opiates here. My livers are fine but my stomach is very sensitive to NSAID.
"Lovely aesthetic physique, hope you smash it."
Thanks bro! It’s great to finally see the progression come into light
"Cool go do that then

Personally I’ve been resting three months in between my sets, my results have been bomb AF 

Considering increasing my rest periods to four months for dat dere progressive overload"
"Flex Lewis, indisputable best 212 bodybuilder since the category’s inception; won the 212 Olympia 7 times in a row.  Was planning to go to open this year but ended up not competing."
Damn! Judging by your username - you're 54?!
Traps abs chest make you look sick
Lol looking at just the thumbnail I can see why 1980 would of had some of the other competitors smashing their trophys backstage.
"Great muscle proportions.  Short legs and a long torso is the body type to have for bodybuilding in my opinion.  Creates these big, long ab muscles and your legs end up looking more bulky in comparison which is great."
Looks like a good boy to me
"Oh ok, in that case ask for Meprozar, it should be easy to get"
Probably just looks like a normal one but with an extra rib tbh
Lol whatever you wanna call it. Lazy person if you will :)
"Great results mate! When you say built a back this off-season, do you specifically concentrate on different body parts on every off season? If so what do you differently when your trying to bring up a certain body part?"
"Honestly, solid. You'll make gains with this if you run it 2x a week. Just keep adjusting after a month or two if it doesn't feel right."
Respect
"Fuck off cunt, he's 5'6, but thats beside the point. Show some fucking respect"
somehow less funny
"Just as a warning you really can't take much from side by sides like this. Difference in lighting and most importantly you can't guarentee they are both the same distance from the camera which makes one look bigger or smaller than the other. 

Just something to keep in mind when drawing conclusions"
"It's just a poll. It doesn't matter, I just was curious what percentage of people on here are natural/enhanced. Data is interesting to me, and we all know how impactful anabolics are in a bodybuilding regiment. No one is upset here."
"Nah, I'm saying you shouldn't be on anything other than some consistency and hard training."
Not to be confused with the mahomes cut that everyone’s been rocking for the past year or two
"Started foam rolling and my knee pain when squatting is gone. Life is finally on the up now, I’ve decided to put my mental health as the number one priority in my life after half arsing for years and the benefits are immense in all areas of my life. stay wrecking BB"
"Smart. I’m around 5’11 and sitting at around 176. I’m happy with where I’m at. Just upped the calories to around 2800 to simply avoid binging on the weekends and it’s helped a ton. I started at 18 at 265. 

Last year I dieted down to 165 (painfully LOL) just to mark it and say I lost 100lbs. It wasn’t mentally sustainable the way I did it. 

Just need to keep seeking balance and find a solid caloric intake to lean out slow and if I have a set back not lose my mind. 

Thank you!"
"Congrats! And ngl while I could totally go buy a sword, *winning* a sword for having a badass body is way cooler."
"Very insightful, Thank you."
What the fuck is wrong with you guys? Seriously? The DD is turning into some big weak-stomach circlejerk
"But most of what I like to do is alone. I always thought it was weird to approach a chick at gym and when I'm in nature I'm in the middle of nowhere usually lol

I guess the apps is best :/"
"Yeah, at least you started off the day with a w"
:(
Maybe it’s just me then lol I don’t get them until I’m basically single digits
The only good bug is a dead one!
I would say that for the most part yes they're better than him. Maybe not 10th-8th but looking at Dani Younan or Bryan Jones their structures are just so far ahead.
U jerk off everyday? Lel
Are you saying it sets a bad example to the youth of today?
I only support things that work 🤷‍♂️
"Nice job there. IMO a strong back in a woman is the equivalent of legs in a man, differentiates who takes this seriously or not haha."
I love how people come to this sub thinking it's a general fitness sub/think working out a little bit to look good for summer is equivalent to bodybuilding
"Uh, bullshit.  Every Redcon athlete is a natural who is successful because of their own hard work and the unrivaled quality of Redcon sups."
"You dumb cunt lmao, you literally went to my profile immediately to talk shit about my pictures. You’re a waste of human life"
Lol
"[Really like this picture I took recently post workout. Massive arm pump 💪](https://www.instagram.com/p/CLUcy4vDxgb/?igshid=1lxddvtkqvgjn)

Sitting around 197 lbs now. Can't wait to see how my conditioning compares to the past once I hit 200 lbs again."
Best of luck dude! You got a good start!
"Pathetic no, but we should always be pushing to be better. Don’t discredit the work you’ve put in already man!"
"What you are doing here is inspiring me. 

Lost a lot of motivation due to war, injury, and general depression because of the state of mankind. But just started exercising again.  

Glad to see someone having some gains."
Literally can't its now apart of me like an arm or a leg
Wow you are super fine
"You sound like a piece of shit who should just stick to a home gym.

I have 100 second rest between sets. Sorry I have friends to talk to inbetween them."
"What kinda dumbass question is this? He’s Mr Olympia, he’s not switching"
"Oh the gym is good.  

There's basically any piece of equipment you want, and usually 3 different types of any machine (e.g. leg extensions from 3 different companies) for whatever you most prefer, some plate loaded some stack.  Definitely a crazy amount of leg machine options e.g. hack squats, leg presses etc of many different kinds.  Dumbbells from 5-200 lbs, competition benches for the powerlifters and a few more types of benches over by the dumbbells, a few different types of squat racks (e.g. power cage, USAPL type stand, monolift), squat bars, power bars, deadlift bars, safety squat bars.  Crossfit/Oly area with bumper plates, some punching bags and such.  Strongman equipment is a little lacking.  It can also be hard to find matching plates and clips but that's a minor nitpick.

Most of the people are great, almost everyone will chat and be helpful, everyone actually knows what they are doing so you don't get too much gym idiocy, and there are some crazy big and strong men and women who can be pretty inspiring to be around.  I've made a lot of friends.  Everyone is a character, too, so it can be a good time just to people watch.  Some of the pros that train there can be a little stuck up, and of course there is the occasional annoyance of the filming.

Every third Saturday of the month is open house from 9AM-12 with breakfast served by Dallas Prep Kitchen, so if you want to check it out that's a good time to come.  Also, it's a lot cheaper than most other ""hardcore"" type gyms, like $60 a month I think, but for students (and I think Military and first responders) its $30.

Definitely better than a commercial gym.  Worth the price of membership."
Lol I heard some good things about DECA
Damn you look good as hell my boy
"I already got the vaccine, take a joke dweeb"
"Season 3 gets even better imo, a little more dramatic but its still hilarious"
Underhand puts yours bicep in an awful position. Double over hand for life.
"Maple walnut is the goat. Honestly, I like it more than the sugar filled ones at the store. Pancake is awesome. I think caramel is pretty good, especially if you add a little salt to it. Strawberry and chocolate were bad, and I will be trying blueberry soon as it's the last one I havent tasted."
I agree
My favorite men’s physique pose
30 years old 5’10” and 210 lbs. cut down from a chubby 245lbs back in October.  I have two upcoming shows in November that are in back to back weeks. They will be my first.  Just got a coach to start working with me starting in May. I’m pumped about it. https://www.instagram.com/p/CNntY8Qhhoe/?igshid=l7betv2lid80.     https://www.instagram.com/p/CNntmpEBseo/?igshid=1hhe6d4y55kwg
So you don’t lose your hair on steroids?
Interesting I thought fiber would increase bloating? I remember reading an article from Layne where he says fiber intake should be restricted a few days before a bodybuilding competition because it makes you look bloated lol.
Damn bro you need to lay off the crack
"Sick waist bro, good luck on the show."
"Nah I was chubbier as a child until I got into weightlifting (late sophomore year of high school), but I even noticed my nips protruding from my shirts then. 

I’m probably an excessive aromatizer/poor estrogen excretion type of person."
"Walk my dog, play modern boardgames like (Spirit Island, Pandemic, Concordia, Terraforming Mars, etc), read, draw, write and play music, play halo multiplayer, cook new recipes, etc."
"Is Jeff Nippard's 6-day PPL split, good for a lifter with some experience years ago?

I worked out 5 days a week during my four years of high school but stopped working out once I got to university and am looking to get back into it. I want to try out Jeff's program but am not sure. What are your opinions?"
"No way I’d be able to shovel back 200g rice and beef after a workout with my intra and everything then have another 3 rice meals haha. At the end of the day if you put all your “bad” foods in that window you’re fine, I’m on 725g carbs and slam back maybe 200g cereal and fruit buns post workout and I still only hit like 90g sugar per day. 

Tbh I think it’s almost optimal to eat that shit. Of course, not in the strictest sense, but you get it"
Haha good one!!
"Hey sorry I've been having to save lives because I'm a superhero and stuff 

Ya but u made me feel bad so bye fuckboi"
Wrong
"Thanks! I think going overboard on the surplus has been a problem for me. I just need to watch my caloric intake more carefully and use trial and error until I find (or get as close as possible to) a sweet spot. Ideally, ""gaintaining"" is what I'm aiming to do."
"Soreness isn’t a good indicator. Ask yourself this: are you progressing well? If not, then start looking into why"
"Not in his case. He just looks better with vaccums

Breon has a better pose with flexed abs but he practiced the vaccum pose and it looked wayyyy better this year than last.

There's people tha rock the flexed abs look and people who rock vacuums."
Don’t know why but this comment made me laugh.
"Forreal.  I played all of classic and then played all until Wrath, but I think classic was where I had the most fun.  Barrens chat was a legend.  I liked ganking in STV."
Great chest fullness
make better sleep environment
Nice work. Your left lat has gotten way better since the last post I saw.
"Yeah ofc you can, but that’s always everyone’s cop out. 99% of muscular bodybuilders with gyno didn’t get gyno from puberty, just be a little realistic for a second."
yeah I think you're thinking of the right guy!
"Hahha I’d still take a 80000 yen increase. Cash is cash. 

Yeah it’s huge. And there is a lot of room to progress too. Thanks for the kind words dude."
That actually looks like a lot of fun.
"I severely doubt that they make much of a difference unless your body personally does not handle one of the meats well man, I refuse to believe its that complicated."
"standard cheap B vitamin stack to pad the formula

shit amount of electrolytes, no point in having them in there at such low dosages

their ""strngth and indurance blast"" is 5 grams of creatine per two scoops with beta alanine to trick you into thinking it does something

everything else is standard pre workout shit that will give you like a 3% performance boost and to top it off, that container is only 10 servings

how could anyone think this is good?"
"bro, train as hard as u fucking can bro, just make sure ur still not tired for the next session"
"Same, I feel like I went through a period in high school where I got “too cool” for the music I used to like (pop-punk for example) but when I got to college I realized how great it is and have been returning to that kind of music all the time since then. Im going to a Weezer, Green Day, Fall out Boy concert this summer and I could not be more excited for the IV dose of nostalgia"
I'd say low twenties or high teens
Technically true
Bro what. Quick oats are like eating baby food mush. Old fashioned is the good shit
Technical death metal
"Yes, maybe, no"
"""Hello, Mac. Those were some pretty sweet moves."""
For sure! About to get all my school work done and then get packed up for spending the weekend working the Natural Virginia show. It’s also u/zhululu and I’s anniversary so it has to be a better day even if he’s still on prep and we can’t go eat. 😂
feel free to take all of my current frustration with you. youll be squatting 4 plates no problem
"Fuckin BSS drop sets for terror suspects, much worse than waterboarding"
he was curling OKAY!
"As far as I'm concerned creatine has never been demonstrated to be linked to hair loss. The one paper that makes the connection just made a guess that it would be based on DHTs involvement. 

For something like this that can be directly and easily studied I'm inclined to take the evidence at its word."
"I hope you take that time to get a better personality instead, for your own sake."
"You should be good. By order of highest to less high leucine it's whey, milk, eggs, meat, soy I believe. If you're getting more than 30g of whey-eggs or 35-40g meats or 40g soy you should be over that threshold no problem"
Nah CICO
"I avoid talking to anyone I think or know is dumb, It’ll ruin my whole day getting into it with a stupid person"
the picture on the right is blurry but yeah you should do well
"Feel like this dude will be what von moger should’ve been

Similar physiques imo"
Congrats man! Holly quads Batman
Been gone for like a month now
"A place near where I work has low calorie vanilla/lemony ice cream. They call it ""natural flavour"". I get it sometimes with coconut shavings and while it isn't 100% the real thing the shavings kinda complement the flavour and makes it a good substitute"
Hahah thanks! Trying my best!
"I like doing chest because it's one of my weak points and also my strong point when it comes to strenght.

Motivation isn't an issue for me I train twice a day because I like working out."
"Oh sorry, yeah I can relate to this too lol, every single meal I don't make myself."
"Lucky brand has a whole line for thick thighed men. 

I've never tried it cuz I'm not at that level but their clothes seem like good quality."
"Good structure bro. Just need to cut down to single digits. 

Stats? How many weeks out?"
Solid triceps
Nice photosho-I mean picture. Hadi is crazy looking but im not going to pretend that this is an unedited picture.
I guarantee you that you'll likely never be on a level so high that you'll notice naproxen affecting your gains. People say that shit all the time about aleve and ibuprofen and post studies but the results are so miniscule and negligible.
"Don't worry, you're looking better than Summer from R&amp;M. Awesome work!"
Nice.
"Wrong sub homie, this is for competitive bodybuilding. Maybe try r/formcheck"
"Well heavy is subjective?

Like I’m not gonna walk in there and try to push 400 pounds.

Compared to nothing, any barbell bench press is going to be heavy for someone who hasn’t done it in a while?"
Yeah definitely wasn't disciplined enough before.
Yeah I feel the same when I eat an entire large pizza
Fucking insane posing. Do try to hold the poses just a tiny bit longer. For some reason a lot of newbies tend to rush through poses.
Cry about it. You could also be one a pretty decent bench specialist your squat and deadlift probably won't be your best lifts as your hips are fairly narrow wich is a bonus aesthetically
Cut to 4% body fat then get skinny fat while dreamer bulking
haha yeah noob question. was just thinking there was some added benefit to doing barbell rows.
Great back in that bathroom pic !
"I like helping beginners in the daily question thread on r/fitness, and I got downvoted for suggesting you need lateral raises for a well rounded physique lmao.
I hit them shits as often as I can and it’s still not enough to look good."
Thanks!
No idea. As far as I know it would be pretty impossible to compare muscle development accurately between two people if they’re both doing the same thing.
"Awesome look mate, quads look amazing! Dallas mccarver face also:) good luck mate"
"That fudge one looks really good! I'll check that one out, thanks!"
Interesting! Thank you for letting me in on this!
Awww that bad?
"I love those striations, looking impressive."
"Arnold video + criticism = downvote

Very simple equation lol... One might say there are no fallacies, huge or small, if you take this objectively instead of subjectively, fueled by emotions.

Edit: I can see some of my points taken super literal and be off, like by shoulders blown away on ""any stage"" I really meant Mr. Olympia Men's Physique, Classic Physique, or Open BB, not your local show giving out 1-2 pro cards."
"When you make it as a Pro, please make your nickname Belgian Blue because you are a beefy mfer."
"&gt;shit pile of lame ass jokes for soccer moms.

Which time of year is that? A day that ends it y?"
"Look up the FOMAP list, that might help you narrow down stuff"
It was a day or 2 ago. Some guy in the stall next to him got off the toilet to wipe his ass (aggressively) and op saw it because the gap from the floor was tall
"Surgical options aren’t the best. They have to basically twist your esophagus into a flap that only goes down. So if you ever need to throw up you literally can’t. Plus its manageable at the moment, if it gets worse I’ll get the surgery."
"Bro, honest to god, no one is gonna care or even notice about it, unless you bring it up yourself. You just need to bulk up in general, but as far as your genetics go, you're totally fine. If you're a jacked dude, no one is going to notice an extra lump at your rib."
Use isolate.
"Thanks I’ll have to try some of those out! Right now it hurts to even bend over lol :(. 

I’ve actually always squatted high bar, ATG because I have a super long torso and I’m basically built for that. But right now I don’t want to go anywhere near a squat, and even high bar still loads the spine to a huge degree anyway. Maybe endless leg extensions are my only option for now.

Also curious what loads you were working with before you got injured, and what do you consider heavy, and what do you currently train with?"
"See a dermatologist, man. You don’t want that shit to leave permanent marks"
"What was that?

Fuck social distancing :("
"I can do them but they *always* fuck my shoulders up. I don’t think they’re meant for my anatomy, but I see people doing them all the time."
Agreed
Oh I was declaring goddamit. Rich where are you
Why arr legs ignored? He's posing &amp; flexing his upper body but covering up the lower half? Chicken legs perhaps?
Jfc. I’m glad I didn’t even click on that shit.
And chest isn’t God tier
Yes i looked. I bodybuild as well. No i'm not posting shitty articles
Yes it is my sweet summer child
Self induced heart failure
"the others cleared it up that they have refeeds and its willpower, but yeah true drugs, even still u cant sleep at night so just sitting awake doing nothing just craving food sucks"
This is such a weird comment
"no, sweet potatoes have more calories than normal ones lol  
also the digestion thing could be because I guess normal potatoes have more starch in them, but honestly idk"
"Easy stuff? 30sec-1 minute.

Hard stuff? 2-3 minutes.

Deadlifts? 4-5 minutes

Strongman shit? 5-10 minutes."
He lost tho right?
"Cbum Daddy probably started at 17, so I agree there, but still fkn terrible lol"
"Thank god, thank you for checking."
Do them banded (the door stops are usually pretty decent). Can hold a plate and do crunches. I really like doing reverse crunches with a dumbbell between my feet too.
The picture isn’t great but 15-20% most likely
Looking good lean af
Doubt it
The fuck is wrong with these idiots
Had no idea he was competing seems like him vs Hassan then
"Yeah that may be a factor :(

Hate the ensured downvoting anytime sometime talks about this without going inline with the general narrative, not every single country is in the same situation.

With how things are here, I'm honestly way more worried about the absurd inflation and unemployment but it seems as if the only problem is covid."
Confidence builds courage. I apologize if my statements seem cocky but I wouldn’t wanna speak any other way. I’ve seen first hand what happens when u go down the path of negativity and the wisest man to ever live is one who learns from others mistakes. I know I’m no different than anyone else in this world and that’s all that matters
Don’t forget you got legs too! Striations lookin sick bro
Folias looking dumb as hell standing half cocked. Just take a normal picture peanut brain.
"Your progress is admirable, to be honest. You've gone from scrawny guy who probably likes sausage to guy who'll probably knock up half the girls in his senior class. 

I sorta went through your profile and did some searching. Body dysmorphia is real, and I can certainly understand why you presume you're fat because you're a pretty good (?) athlete who's looking forward to possibly getting signed by the NCAA? If you feel like you're getting fat, you can cut back on your calories and lean gain. Be warned your progress in size and strength will also come down, but you will make progress. Anyone who's played a sport or sports most of their lives will have the same fear and self-doubt.

My suggestion to people like yourself, including me albeit when I was younger than you was: Lift as hard as you can and make everything count. 

There's a difference between eating and eating and lifting hard, trying to push yourself as much as you can before you break. Make the best of it.

And as always, losing fat is far easier than putting on muscle."
"Is fitness as big in Korea as it is in other parts of the world?

There a lot of shows and powerlifting meets there or is it more underground shit?

Anyway looking good buddy"
Like?
Thank you!
In a cut but losing vascularity and feeling smaller :( feelsbad
"Could be your allergic to caffeine/taurine?
I know an guy who got allergic to rubber when he was 30ish.

Weird but true"
"I agree, but I kind of like the flow it creates , and it makes his waist look even smaller."
aaa is best poster here stfu
Tis a shame
"Yeah, this is the anatomy of gluteus maximus as there is no fat or water covering it and making it round shaped."
I have been able to fix my elbow pain with stretching and doing wrist curls (towards the back of the hand). Pretty sure it was just a disbalance issue for me.
Yeah I find girls who are dying to have the sex with me don't respond to my texts either
I wish more places here had proper coldbrew. Most of the times all they have is iced coffee.
Thanks for the input my man
"Number 2 imo. What the poster above me isn’t a bad idea either. I’m running a kinda wonky split of
Upper
Lower
Pull
Push
Light Legs/Arms

Been loving that."
u talk like someone who spends too much time on reddit
I'm allergic to bananas. And avocados. :(
I hope you don't live in Texas
Idk dude he was known for being the smaller aesthetic guy that’s what made him unique
"I’m 18 percent body fat and want to cut down to 15. I’m sticking to 2000 calories with the following macros. If I’ve done my maths, I should maintain a calorie deficit and achieve my aim. 
- 200g Protein 
- 175g Carbohydrate 
- 50g or fat (or less)"
No it’s just not a big enough weight swing between off-season and on-stage to create loose skin. No one is losing 100 lbs for that
Yeah Jon seems do the get rich or die trying pump and hope thing.
Blurry mirror pics
Wrong sub…
Oiled up and rock hard
"Idk shit about figure but from what I’ve seen, the glutes need to come up and the back is gonna destroy those ladies. Great progress"
Damn right it is. Just gotta keep eyes on the goal at hand
"Spain sucks in that regard, we have very little variety when it comes to low calorie/high protein quality alternatives. I was amazed back when I was in the USA, mostly with all the dairy products and the ice creams haha."
Tfw when your ass will never look like two clenched fists..
I like it. It's cheap and doesnt make me want to vomit. I have pretty low standards though as you can tell.....
Yeah not at all. Figured I would make the decision to snap up a rack while they were cheap and in stock again.
Yeah! What does your mom smell like and will she be there too?
Well I’m only on TRT lmao. Tbf it was some chewy ass candy but it wasn’t pleasant
"Hahaha. Thank you. Bike riding may not directly build muscle, but it’s the signal it sends. Once you get off the bike, the muscles absorb everything being they are so torn from riding. Agree, ignorance is bliss."
It’s pretty tranquil because the busy road is on the other side of the house
They are my first thing in my tragic home DB leg day.
It's piss
You would’ve been up there. You look great.
Holy shit haven’t seen u since misc days
"Cant wait to see you peeled, good luck bro!"
Half and half I guess lol. But yeah I’m a species where leg day is my favorite day
"Bro the vid was satire haha, also thats my last name"
Lunges and sprints are also good for hypertrophy
Paying his dues just like everybody before him and after him
Really? I’m also cutting and I go 4 times a day
Haha all good bb Ik what you meant just playin
"Yeah, I feel that.  Technically I'm treating my attempt at *maintaining* as a bulk figuring that eating based off what I'm craving without tracking will probably put me in a surplus most days, so I'm just tracking my weight averages and seeing how my performance goes in the gym.  So far so good as I was able to actually hit a bench PR on Friday out of the blue that I wasn't expecting.  Must have been all the damn bread rolls I ate Thursday, haha."
"No it's not. I'm saying the people advocating for masks have no basis in science or even anecdotal data. The burden of proof is on mask advocates.

But, I can happily link you some studies showing they don't work."
"This is a great point. Yeah when you're working full time there's not a ton to differentiate the days, weeks, or even months that much.

I'm 30, and I've found that every since turning 26 I think about my own age constantly."
Put in a container and shake that bitch up
Most girls care about the bench number
"If your one day in, your glycogen and energy stores haven't even started to deplete yet. It was likely either psychological becuase you knew you were cutting, or it was just a bad day."
Savage
Thank you
My dumbass read this sentence 3 times tryna figure out what was wrong with it 😭😭
You ignore them because they wont have the will power to track their food
You damn dog
That's some willpower right there haha definitely shows how some simple things we take for granted are little luxuries.
Why are you asking stupid questions
How fucked is your schedule right now
Shoulda gone with favorite GoT brother duo. Mountain-Hound
He just said trial and error 😂 and used the adjective “a lot” to indicate many trials or error 😂
"I'm having a hard time imagining what happen.

Okay ur pedal hit the floor wouldnt it go back or forward depending on how it hit the ground?"
I'm hoping so bro.  The goal was 4 stars next spring.  190.0 this morning.  I can neither confirm nor deny I have visited an old man clinic for TRT and thank you for the compliment good sir.
Thanks!
"Yea I trust my doctor. He’s a good one

I don’t like relying on drugs either, but I do want to function correctly!"
I kinda forget their Im my ears a lot. Like it’s gotten to the point where I almost step into the shower with them I’m still... I might just be sleep deprived always thought
Definitely.
His front double looks... strange. On paper it should be great but it just isn't. I'd say his side shots are his strongest.
"honestly its nice to be 28bmi and look fit to normies. todays leg day so i was rocking some leggings and got a compliment from a chick that she wish she had an ass and thighs like mine. 

am 5'7 and 175lbs, deep into a bulk but ain't no fucks given I'm going bear mode and maintenance.

used to be a fat teen so really it has been a long ride, years of lifting and i dont ever see myself stopping this.

lifting has been the few constant in my life that makes me feel better amidst the shitty things and how crappy the world can be sometimes."
"&gt;  Focus the fuck up man.


I dont listen to his podcast and Im pretty much against drugs. But as a gym goer for several years now, I fucking hate people laughing like that near me. Very irritating."
Looks like those calves needed work
"Yea considering chris is that good, he’s technically the underdog"
Why do woman always raise their hands like that? I never see any man do that.
So. Fucking. Sick. Of not getting enough sleep. I dont even have an excuse for it i just lay in bed all night stressing over stupid shit
Wow really nice bro
"have a home gym but got no dumbbells or cables, just a bar/bench/rack/weights. any good tricep isolation moves? already got cg bench and tricep extensions in the mix, cant think of anything else"
Might want to pre-emptively see a PT for golfers/tennis elbow (and then continue to do the tiny bullshit exercises daily after the PT sessions run their course (I still do this)).
"I had to do the roll of shame last time I benched, but this time around I crushed it. Pretty happy about that. Time to bump up the weight."
Small cock
Nah
So In 369  EPA and DHA is lowered? Because of the additional 6 and 9?
No that was my free one but you can have this instead 🐻
"Best part about the days I work from home: 

I get to do a skin care mask while I work.

Hittin' that skincare pr."
The bad thing with working abs too much is it could decrease that waist-shoulder ratio.
Congratulations on your victory. Keep moving!
Why is there no hope? You can definitely increase your arm size
"Congrats my man, looking phenomenal!!"
"People 99.9% of the time don’t like strangers telling them they’re doing their lift wrong, especially in front everyone lol. Hopefully it was your friend?"
Primo in good amount it's one of the better steroid for sure
I was just making fun of OP’s condescending and ignorant post. I’d be willing to bet the majority of serious lifters are far more scientifically literate than the average politician (Ive met plenty of politicians).
Mandatory Pose Wednesday will be Back Double Bicep
"Fuck what a leg day. Pinned too much sdrol, lower back is unbelievably pumped, pretty sure I broke my finger reracking a 25 while still warming up. It split open and wouldn't stop bleeding for like 10 minutes. Its ok though because it helped me grind out a deadlift pr. Thank God tomorrow is an off day"
"Bro. You posted this in like 6 subreddits. 

Go fish for followers elsewhere. It’s against the rules here"
"Scxrlord

Listen to heart attack and death punch and see if you like"
The stretch on these is unbelievable
"Some of us are fat and out of shape thank you very much.

My birthday squats had me down on 1 knee for a bit."
I dunno exactly but I feel like it’s harder because of gravity based on the positioning of the body being angled. Also even weight distribution and greater rom.
"You should bulk until you hit like 180 with good nutritious foods. Then pull back. Unless you don’t care about being big. But if you don’t want any size then I don’t think you’d be here. In my opinion it’s just not gonna be worth it or a good use of time right now. Get strong, get some size in, eat on point, and then when you feel like you’ve got some good stuff to reveal, shred up."
Nice to hear that ! Go get this you can do eberything if u want
Trim. Still smooth and no irritation. Plus if you go too close or cut yourself the armpit is a horrible place to get infection. No one wants an ingrown armpit hair.
"Yeah that makes sense.  If you don't aromatize testosterone much, the only thing that comes to mind is _not_ taking supplements that reduce aromatiztion, like chrysin, DIM, &amp;c."
"well, Cbum is my daddy... wait no"
Think positively. Gives you an excuse to skip leg day and hit arms instead.
Pretty sure it's 2 weeks. Gotta go completely cold turkey though. No diet soda or tea.
"Not currently as Im not in the most ideal situation to count calories. Soon ill be moving and will start counting my calories. I basically just eat 5-7 meals a day and try to make sure they’re each 20-40g of protein. I keep my carbs high, and not afraid of some junk food here and there. I weigh myself at the start of the day and at the end of the day, and I drink the same amount of water daily so I kinda use my weight as a gauge for how much I’ve eaten as well as how I look in the mirror. Its not perfect but I’m definitely blessed that my genetics help me when I’ve over estimated in calories. What sucks is when under estimating the calories my weight instantly tanks. Just last month went down to 147 when I had a week of lazy eating. Im back up to 153/154 now."
Jay is definitely awesome too. I had the privilege of meeting him also!
Yes sir! Alberta!
Oh you’re right my bad :))
"I agree, this is what his coach (which cost a pretty penny) had him doing, and since he has had some notable competitors, he followed it to a tee.

I thought it was overkill, but I don't know much.  I'm only now considering taking test at some point because I got into powerlifting late, aren't a particularly athletic person, and I'm almost 37.  I do OK, and I know the risks, but I can't imagine doing anything like that unless I was making a living with this shit."
"That is true, valid point. Can it be done? Yes. Effectively? Well..."
I feel like you know the answer but you just want someone to ask why you only eat 4 time per week
No he just likes it so you would stop spamming him
"Damn, looks like ur ready to go win another title. Kill it!"
Ty bb
"&gt; If you’re natty you’re probably doomed to have eternally flat shoulders

those were dark dark times man, i try not to remember those days"
"AS SOON as I cut up again, I'mm gonna hit a nude hot spring or a nude beach out here in SoCal. I need to show off those shreds and balls - gonna be smooth as Dave Chappelle, if you know what I mean."
"Please know when to keep your ego at bay and know when a weight is too heavy.  Not a humble brag, just an observation.  

Gf's brother has been working out with us the past few weeks.  When I first started working out with them years ago, he was lifting more than me, but then again, I was pretty much a pleb slob learning how to lift.  Now, I'm lifting a whole lot heavier.  Anyways, when he's at the gym with us, he tries to lift the same weight as me, but it's clearly too heavy.  He doesn't get full reps and his form suffers.  It's hard to tell him what to do as he'll listen to you, but will never apply it.  Best examples are squats, as he'll quarter rep for 4 reps, and some of the machines, like lateral raise machine where he ends up lifting himself off the seat."
Ask vague as fuck questions get vague as fuck answers
Victim mentality is one hell of a drug
100% car windows are the best. Go from feeling DYEL indoors to walking past a car window on the way to the gym and think “damn when did that happen” lol
"I appreciate that a lot man thank you. I’ve been trying to put in way more work lately. Got over a break up from almost a year and a half ago, and finally started focusing up again. It’s been doing wonders for me. 

I’ll keep updating and posting up until that very first show! Hopefully I can take home some hardware."
I picked up a pair of 25lb dumbbells to do 10 hammer curls. Do you think that'll eventually mess up my lower back since I pick them up from the floor?
Wow!
"""Natural"" lol"
stomach vacuums pull in my lower ribs on the lower left side. it is painful and stops me from going all the way in. is there anything i can do about this?
"Good commercial gym choice? Golds gym, 24hr, lifetime, etc. which common commercial gym is best?"
Thank you!
"I'll save you the trouble. Here's a little sneak peek I snapped at the gym earlier and a stray back pic since I know you missed me:

https://imgur.com/a/isePiaz"
That is terrible! Im so sorry that happened to you! Maybe you might have gotten eaten by a bear if you had gone camping.  This is they way I think sometimes  idk
"I really love my SBD, but its kinda pricey.

The QOL on the go adjustments are worth it to me, might not be to you."
"Looking to start CD2 as currently a low intermediate lifter.

&amp;#x200B;

I want to do all the exercises prescribed twice a week which would mean 6 days a week. He says he recommends against this though, but I think I would be fine since I'm not lifting heavy ass weights for high reps like most of you guys are.

&amp;#x200B;

My question is, would it be better for me to run the program as it says going 6 days straight or doing 3 days on 1 day off?

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks!!"
"this is much appreciated man.

thanks a bunch"
"For me e2 has to be there to get the crazy libido effect, my last tren run I kept my e2 very low and had a low to low normal libido"
"Easily as taxing as hack squats with way heavier weight, this exercise is so brutal lmao"
"Shitty micros, high in sodium and pigs are basically garbage disposals. They eat literal shit. If youre on a budget just eat chicken"
"You might have some other problems if you run Deca higher than test. To answer your question tho, I don’t think 200mg of test will cause much of any hair loss in only 10 weeks. IMO your cycle should be 16 weeks at a minimum tho, especially with Deca since it is such a long ester you won’t really start noticing results until 4-6 weeks in and by that time you’ll only have about a month left in your 10 week cycle"
thanks 🙏
No. My parents wouldn't really buy anything. Plus even if they wanted to they would say no because of covid.
Impressive work congratulations!
"Yeah I got some that had the exact same pictures as all the other cheap ones, except these ones were like £12 so thought might as well. The lowest resistance one didn't even snap though lol, it just broke when trying to warm up with some curls. The rest have held up really well for how shitty I treat them."
"Hello! Is PHAT a good program for bodybuilding? I thought of doing gamma bomb, however I dont want to exclude SBD completely. If you know any other bodybuilding program including SBD or any way to implement it into gamma bomb, please let me know. Thanks!"
Im sure it had noooo issue. Idgaf if people use gear just dont keep your head in the sand. No doctor would advise doing the amount of shit he would have to with an auto immune disorder. I know im a fake doctor
"Tell us where he hurt you bb

My brother, pops &amp; I play at our apt courts &amp; we got schooled by a 70 year old man. It was rough bc I'm fast but that man was flying."
Yo where is this going? Lol wtf
Yes but brian Shah is factually way bigger than most bodybuilders. The dude is a literal giant.
I had a past wrist injury in the past so it is kind of  lingering still
we just got our second moderna. So far no side effects. Will see tomorrow though
"Thanks buddy, will think about it"
"Lol I was tryin to throw back a bunch of supplements into my mouth, had a sick bicep pump and my hand couldn't make it to my face so I ended up smacking myself with a bunch of pills"
"Loved this book: https://smile.amazon.com/Mindful-Way-through-Depression-Publisher/dp/B004T2LM48

Also recommend Sam Harris's Waking Up app."
"The first one is so nerve-racking. My best advice is just to be sure you nail down your posing so it’s second nature. If you have this down, getting on stage is much less stressful, imo. Good luck! I’m sure you’ll do great!"
Oh okay fair enough
"agree but i think cbum's new back is close to unbeatable if you consider his arms got slightly better and he has this offseason to get that as peaky as it will ever get

injuries is the only thing i am scared of for cbum

also, Ruff can achieve more conditioning and I have more faith that he can do it vs Steve to be blunt. from what Ruff said, he is coming in at his weight with slight worry. next year, he is going to come in overweight and manipulate water/do bodybuilding tricks to make weight according to his youtube channel QA"
Thank you!
"It was deleted. But these were the best comments from it. 

https://i.imgur.com/eHs5jsr.jpg"
Yeah for sure! &lt;3 Got another one coming up in October. Hoping to come out better than ever! &lt;3
"Same fam, had a brutal leg day this morning and I'm averaging minimal code per hour tbh"
"It gets like that for me too man. I’m a bottomless pit, but only until I get close to my previous heaviest weight. Then suddenly I can’t stand the sight of food and eating becomes a chore again."
pretty fucking great tho
Are you cutting? Is your output higher?
2 months won’t show a lot but it’s hard for anyone to tell without photos or your written program and weights.
Do the people that struggle to shovel food into their mouth find cutting easy? Or does it suck bulking and then suck again cutting?
Yes most of what you lost was water and glycogen.
"wow, just literally dont eat that."
"He’s obviously not at a real show, doubt he prepped."
That’s the spirit.
Yeah I've been doing that for years but I think I need some kind of autistic trigger to remind me to drink these days
"Maybe I'm just unaware of how deep this stuff runs, but it seems to me like the people who complain about ""onlyfans simps"" are way worse than the simps themselves. I always see tons of the former, but I never see much of the latter. But then again, I don't go around hunting for these things."
Should I cut for another 3 weeks or can I finally bulk now? I'm still bloated from adding carbs back and eating maintenance. I might go for the cut and reverse diet instead of eating back maintenance and blowing up too fast. Or I could lean bulk and possibly still lose the water weight. Let me know what you all think. http://imgur.com/a/vneESXg
"Yeah but I reccomend you deload this week to prevent over training, and then make sure you don't overtrain skip the gym on the days you're going to the gym so that you can safely train 7 days in a row. Obviously you'll have to keep up with recovery so carb up on pasta, pizza, cereal and gu right before the gym."
"I like gold standard pre-workout, simple, affordable and at least for me, the one I’ve liked the most"
But what if I have played Chrono Trigger? Can I never play it again?
Fork put downs are defs your best bet. You don't even have to buy them.
"Makes more sense. Yeah I already train as hard as I think I can without being dumb, I just see a lot of bodybuilders who pride themselves on puking during their leg days, doing sets with 11rpe and all that I just wanted confirmation I'm not taking crazy pills"
"Connor Murphy vibes, hope you don't deploy supraphysiological dosages of the divine protein shake"
"I trust my ability to vet a source I suppose. And being Canadian I can have that stuff tested for purity.

I want to clarify I don't think AAS are safe, but I would argue that we have seen more cases of acute health issues from vaccines than AAS (in terms of take it and within a week you are hospital bed bound)

And I suppose my largest fear comes from the compounding effects that mixing steroids and the vacc *could* have.

That being said I have seen a lot of guys on BB forums say they have gotten both shots while on a blast and nothing happened, so some of it may just be a bit of irrational fear borne out of bad info"
"The greatest feeling you can get in a gym or the most satisfying feeling you can get in the gym is the pump. Let's say you train your biceps, blood is rushing in to your muscles and that's what we call the pump. Your muscles get a really tight feeling like your skin is going to explode any minute and its really tight and its like someone is blowing air into your muscle and it just blows up and it feels different, it feels fantastic. It's as satisfying to me as cumming is, you know, as in having sex with a woman and cumming. So can you believe how much I am in heaven? I am like getting the feeling of cumming in the gym; I'm getting the feeling of cumming at home; I'm getting the feeling of cumming backstage; when I pump up, when I pose out in front of 5000 people I get the same feeling, so I am cumming day and night. It's terrific, right? So you know, I am in heaven"
Omg...i feel like an idiot...forgive me!!! Jus added u
I try to keep my wrists straight if that's what you mean
Yeah he claimed natty and took a pretty hostile stance against steroid use.
"I appreciate it, the two I haven’t listened to yet, are Sam Miller Science, and Real Bodybuilding. I’ll check those two out, thank you."
Didn’t even mean that haha
Whoever tricked every gym bunny ever into thinking they need an elastic band around their knees 24/7 must be a millionaire. God I wish I had thought of it
Just relax stop holding your breath and your stomach in so we can tell. Lol
Are there good coaches or can you recommend one in the UK
I’m 20 and you make me look like your little 16 year old brother... not even talking about muscle just damn bro that beard
"Checkout jeffs six pack promise, the dud has plentu excersises without mashines"
People who don't use their PTO make me so mad
He’s gotta be like 6ft or 6ft1 guessing based on his size and stated weight. OP looks amazing
"For some it is ....
My original comment was suggesting bloods,AI with the added shower, just in case ;)"
"They're fine but go ahead and delete these 14"" pythons and post it in the dd

also maybe buy some sun screen"
Man even got beard gains!
"Nice! Spago was the place you'd mentioned before when I asked, I hope the new place treats you well!"
"Drink isolate protein and a Snicker bar, most of mass gainers carbs are sugar anyway right?"
Okay but why not
Only thing is if I cut will I really have anything to cut to?
"Okay honey. I'll post for you. But please, be a darling and find the comment where I claimed to not be fat. Because I'm afraid you're talking out of your rear. Also, this is the wrong place to take a stab at someone for ""abusing"" gear. Maybe you're lost, idk"
"Pleeeeenty of people with much worse genetics than either me or you have gotten pro cards. The only limits you have are the ones you put on yourself, and the NPC weight  limit for your height lmao. I was just giving my opinion for the already subjective sport. If classic is your dream, I encourage you to continue pursuing it!"
well it depends on the routine also
"Pretty sure they’re joking but...

https://crazybulk.com/blog/natural-bodybuilding-proof-success/"
"hey thanks man i appreciate it! i always come away from any of your comments feeling better, whether it be from laughing or just you being a nice dude. if for any reason you ever have to disappear from reddit, i hope you find a way to keep in touch!"
Let me know as well
"If Ramy is off, absolutely he can win again. If Ramy is 90% and up....it's tough."
"Posing is ur biggest weakness. Also ur lats look narrow, but u look good for a 21 year old."
Toast em up they make a great breakfast sammie
You two go hand in hand from what I've seen
"Whoever said ""building a strong lower body leads to building a strong upper"" was lying."
It doesn’t help that the lines seem to get more blurred every year between figure &amp; bikini. Not saying we shouldn’t be able to have a shot at both just an observation.
I’m working. Sorry if I’m not in line.
"A self hating millennial. Classic, but for all the wrong reasons."
Don't simp so hard
Ok thanks for the advice
"It's unfortunately a lot of sports (wrestling, boxing, mma, even jockeys), and the combat sports are even worse since they are getting hit in the head with a dehydrated brain."
"Honestly I’m in Camp 3: I fuckin hate dieting and want to have Panda Express every day 😂 

Nothing really to it for me, I only prepped 10 weeks this year"
Honestly neither. Is anyone else a fan of this sport but doesn't actually lift themselves? I just feel like it would be really uncomfortable to be that size. Its cool they like pushing themselves that hard. I love to watch it. But im content with my skinny yogi body personally.
Every update looking better and better!
Sure from that perspective I get but I think there is a genuine curiosity that people have towards how much gear you had to run. Like I guarantee you guys in the olympia are not all running the same stuff and at different doses because it’s what works for them.
I knew he couldn't put it down lol
"Gotcha, I’ll make sure to lean forward instead and work on finding a better transition"
Usually with an elevation shift like that there’s adhesions that need to loosened.  Symmetry is good so I didn’t expect a rotator or Supra injury..
Okay then
"Shirts are feeling tighter in the arms. 

Gravity is turned down a bit during my lifts lately. 

I feel like I’m back to pre-pandemic levels finally."
It’s definitely better to eat cooked for absorption
The one you enjoy eating and fuels a productive workout
Any stretching is better than no stretching. And how the balls is someone going to dynamic stretch abs without looking like a jumping dolphin lol
"Looking pretty decent man ! Good shape to you definitely some extra size needed post show , once shredded and you cut the water you’ll end up hitting the stage about 130’s . Best of luck"
"Yeah mb, language barrier haha didn't refer to meds but to melatonin and so on. And even if it had some issues, shitty sleep could even be more harmful so no bad choice there IMO."
"the grip trainers are good but you have to do them for a shitload of reps, 10-20 for a few sets"
He had better sweep but that’s only because of his height.
Hence why diet soda is the trick to cutting.
"Mine's still 80% ... Shit don't taste as good as it used to. And yeah it was very weird, I never appreciated being able to smell if food went bad or not until now. What used to be a sniff test and eat turned into sniff test, oh yeah I can't smell shit jk, and toss in the trash. Was it okay to eat? Idk. Goin in the trash anyways."
What’s an athletic leg day look like?
"it's funny cuz isn't that kind of the advice people are always spewing? ""stop caring what other people think"" isn't too different from ""don't care if someone is uncomfortable"""
Agreed with the below poster. Eat better
Akim... looks like a 290lb version of Dexter.
Nice leg press PR.
That’s how I’m feeling. But it’s so tempting lmao
"Definitely, the day just goes downwards from there, and by the afternoon you're like a zombie haha"
What's her bloodwork like?
"Sure, however shoulders seems much wider even taking out the standing pose..."
wrong sub
"You really think you're a tough guy, huh? You think disagreeing with me makes you cool? Fucking fight me bro. 1v1 me in call of duty quickscopes, you fucking chump"
Boy posting here is like offering yourself to the roast
"god damn, cant image what that was like lol, glad you're apparently back at 100"
The tough competition
"No.  You could take every set to failure, if you wanted to.  There's just not that much benefit for taking it to failure when near to failure seems to have the same hypertrophic response.

I think the better question is - why was it soul crushing?

The only way you'll get stronger/build more muscle is by pushing those limits."
WTF is average height and weight?
"figuratively* 

(I'm so sorry, but he wasn't being a literal vagina)

I now welcome my downvote overlords for being a twatty grammar nazi"
hahahah love it
Hm ok maybe I need to find a table that folds up easily
Looks great! Good choice.
This is why I follow this sub. Fuck yes
No one is hitting legs? No wonder why I see so many chicken legs on this sub. Head legs pussies.
I've never tried shakes before. Is it alright if I start with 1k per-day?
Thank you
"If a jacked guy ever laughs at you for coming onto him, proceed with "" d'd'do you like daggers"" before walking away"
Definitely gotta go to EDC Vegas at least once
If Jay is 5’10” than my dick is friggin a mile long
Nah man Ben was in the US it was James
"Yes, as long as you don’t go to the gym and lift at home."
"Amazing how bodybuilders progressed since then. Sandow, with all due respect doesn't look as good as most of the guys in my local gym"
"Ice storms the real gains goblin today. 

Can't get to the gym until probably Friday at the earliest. 

Feels bad man."
reminder it's father's day. enjoy your sunday
Damn that sucks. My dads side of the family has a history of arthritis in the knees so I have that to look forward too at some point :(
"Thank you again for your answer and time. I’m more bummed about being fat to be honest, hence why I am cutting first. 

How long did it take you to go from 161 to 148, and was your diet/routine like?"
Costco pays crazy well tho and has hella perks for their employees
Any suggestions on a healthy banana nut milkshake?
Good Bot
"Definitely not what we're used to seeing here, maybe OP got the wrong sub?"
.f no boom hoo b be boo n
Why do you live in his garage? How the fuck do you know?
"Thank you!! Been hammering down on side laterals this year, seen crazy progress, need some more work on rear delts though but in due time!"
"I've got some hard leg training to do later today, but I've got to get a checkup and most likely get a shot at the doctors prior to my workout. Anybody have this happen to them? If so, did you notice any interference with your workout?"
"At least she was up front and honest about it. There are infinitely worse ways for a marriage to end.

Stay strong bro, we’re all here for you."
"Nah bro I don’t take it as rude. Anytime I’m accused of juicing I take it as a compliment anyways. But yeah totally natty bro, at least for now... thinking about starting a test cycle sometime soon tho"
What if you label it clearly on the outside that it has those ingredients in the meal for medical purposes? Is that allowed Brad? He’d probably ignore it and the intent isnt clear.
"Such a pleasing look, to me this is such a sweet spot in terms of body fat, fullness, and aesthetics."
"You fucker. 

10 out of 10 bait"
I only ever had a shitty 2 pack and now I have a sternum tattoo that covers up my upper abs so its a no pack
logan needs a good two years minimum his legs are laggging so hard
Was thinking more like 70 as a lion than 90 like a cat.
thank you lol i've always felt like legs are a weakpoint but i've been hitting them hard recently
yeah me too right? i hope
best poser in bb'ing
"Thats fucked dude

You should lose your licence for that shit"
I got magnetic powers from mine. my friend only got COVID immunity from his though :(
They stand like Ronaldo in the FIFA games
"You look phenomenal and really appreciate being open about dosing, great physique and even better posing!"
"God I just love when you guys stroke my ego like this. Maybe one day /u/strawhat06 will stroke it just as well as you do.

Just to add on to this, look at 2020's most helpful user, /u/iSkeezy -- we all know what he looks like, is easily the most helpful and one of the most knowledgeable here, but no stars as well. Some of us have this ""if i cant get 5 stars then i don't wany any stars"" attitude."
"thanks! 

Not yet, I'll pick one up eventually but I've got some house repairs we're working on first.

Next purchase will be a rowing machine (cardio) and a lying hamstring curl station. I can do hamstring curls right now with the cable but its awkward to get in and out of, I'd rather have a separate platform where Im not *attached* to the cable to use it. 

The wife wants a stair master and a new treadmill, so I'm sure we'll get those after that."
"That’s why they made razors loser, for hairy assholes"
How the fuck do you people wash your faces in these tiny ass sinks? Every time I go to my girls house I get weird looks from her parents because I have to wash my face in the kitchen sink. It’s either that or the shower
Concerned about cutting while not on my regular lifting routine as I’ll lose way more muscle as well.
"Look good man. 


Need more legs, extra chest and lat work and your gonna kill it. 12 weeks is some time to work on those areas to get some growth. Good luck!👍🏼"
Well why are you giving him free advertising? That is EXACTLY why he posted that shit.
Lmao so just watched the newest Nick Walker video (which is now deleted) I’m assuming because his dick is clearly out for a full 10 seconds. Can’t make this stuff up
just get super super super mad that you were sad and double destroy leg day. i can neg you if you need to.
"It doesn't matter what you say, lions don't care about opinions of sheep"
"I think this goes for any fitness information on social media. I don’t use TikTok but I’ve seen the same stuff on Instagram and reddit. 

If you have mental health issues, talk to your doctor. I tried to solve anxiety with weight lifting and diet for years, and the one thing that worked was actual medication."
Dude bigger is definitely not always better. Classic guys have is just right.
Do what you can and try to increase. Follow a program
"Appreciate it

It’s a multi million dollar campus gym, I’m kind of spoiled by it lol"
6+ but more serious for the last 2-3
I also don’t do gear lol
My son loves to cook pizza at my bedtime. Im just over here with rumbley tummy.
"I hope this is okay to ask in this thread, but I want to ask about creating a program for cutting season that involves running as cardio.  

Right now I'm running a bro split with two leg days (Wed: Quads/calves, Saturday: hams/calves).  I don't intend to really change this up.  

I want to include running as cardio instead of walking on a treadmill or stairmaster.  How can I incorporate running into my training effectively?  I'm assuming, if we stick to the ""500cal deficit per week to lose 1lb of fat"" and the ""1 mile = 100 cals"" then aim to run 5 miles a week?  I know there'll be days where I do 3.1miles or even longer, how should I account for that?  Just eat more on those days to make up the extreme deficit?"
"oooh, okay lol"
Crunch fitness has a 95$ enrollment fee and ima only be there for a week. Gonna have to figure out which gym is good for a week and not be expensicd
His rack pull variation hits traps fucking hard
From his post he seems very upset with himself
Good on you! 🤜🤛
Ok
"I was stupid, I did squat , front squat, and deadlift, with abs and cardio all today. So I HAVE to take a rest day tomorrow lol"
Wrong sub…
"Yes, he is with Milos Sarcev now."
"You can definitely adopt a more torso upright deadlift technique with a trap bar, particularly with the high handles. If squats are okay you might find trap bar to be okay too."
"Aight, cheers!"
Alright thanks mate im like 4 months in atm
Ugly fucking dropey pecs
"Maybe, just stand near the weights and cry there instead, occasionally looking at them. That's totally normal"
He was so chill and funny. Rest in POWA Big Guy.
"There could be health benefits correlated with a gluten free diet. I.e. you are probably aren't eating many processed foods, meaning less refined sugar and hydrogenated fats and all that gross shit. But generally there's nothing wrong with gluten unless you have one of the various gluten sensitivity conditions."
Thanks! Interesting seeing the baking step. I'm gonna give it a try...
"IDK. Open to suggestions!

Right now it's something boring like higher pound dumbbells."
"Incredible physique, nice v taper. I like the vacuum pose. Honest question why do people people plan on competing get such large tattoos it takes away from the physique imo."
"98lbs? You must be like 4' 9""? Good luck next week!"
he looks fucking great stop obessing over his face. every post about logan is this. ridiculous bullshit
Fuck outta here with this dumb shit
i see no comparison. you should edit your title.
"Yeah, gyms over the past year have been wild. Almost all of them say masks are required but will only enforce them as chin diapers. 

&gt; Definitely realized my anxiety wasnt in check enough

Same bro. I ended up getting an Rx for SSRI's last year bc I lost all interest in doing literally anything and was totally content wasting away."
Could be worse. My main setback is my ugly-ass face.
What about geese? Fuck em
Lol wtf? This is creep sauce af this dude a predator especially with his obsession with your age and calling you young etc.
"My gym has videos of rich piana on repeat and I’m just like

https://giphy.com/gifs/snl-saturday-night-live-7zSzFBQwwGMC54c19q"
"Man looking great, love to have 1/2 of your genetics.  Not taking away from your hard work either, obviously you’ve put in the time."
Crazy how much definition a tan adds!
Nice !
"I mean as good as cbum is he definitely isn’t one of those people that is known for dwarfing others... he wins because of his shape, not his size. He has crazy proportions but he’s genuinely not “that” big in bodybuilding terms."
his legs in size got worse
Thanks bro
Creeping Death II?
An amazing cut through the 14 weeks I’ve seen. Everyone that has seen your videos agrees. I’m looking forward to seeing as peak week progresses. Great things come in smaller packages!
you’re gonna do great king dw
"Arms - sure. But in this particular comparison, CBum's V-taper looks way better, partly due to his narrower waist and superior vacuum."
Got it cheers
"&gt;Weightroom is more geared for strongman and powerlifting

Weightroom is a sub for general cross disciplinary discussion."
"you guys feel like you always have a hard time opening up to people, and letting them into your personal life and what you’re going through?"
"If he’s 6’1, so am I (I’m not). I also lost to lord Jones when he won his pro card, and we competed in class c against each other. He’s the same height as me, and you can see he’s the same height as cbum. Only way he’s 6’1 is in some thick ass shoes."
"They didn't look very frightened lol, both quite big lads."
Just wanted to say that i miss rich piana so goddamn much.
I feel like you could get away with both twice a week. Maybe one heavy day for each and one volume day for each
"Tbh, growing up I hated having wide shoulders cause I thought it was too masculine. Turned my insecurity into a  chance for growth."
How the fuck are any of us supposed to know
Benchy 4x2 @ 341 today. Feeling solid and all my bodybuilding accessory work is going great as well.
"You have really, really stupid opinions"
"Let’s be honest, it’s all about masking the pain... DOMS are much more painful than any relationship problems 😂"
"bro gimme the calories and macros lmao i aint doing the math for you 

and hard gainer is a myth"
"yeah, but they have to eat healthy, and you know, cook. The *horror*"
Y'all get snow up there? Tryina avoid that lol
"will do, thanks"
"Man you're fucking goals, looking huge!"
"Seriously, thanks so much for all your kind words in this thread, it‘s really encouraging me to keep my head up. I‘ll give my all to giving him the most loving home a kid could wish for."
"Happy Thursday,  just up here in Canada new strain has taken a friend mom only 47 years old she was healthy , just friend STAY HEALTHY AND SAFE , CAUTIOUS. COVID FREE EVERYONE .."
Ian Smith is another level of fucking stupid besides the covid vaccine.
"okay, thanks! This really helps me out! But does 4x12-15 good sets build muscles for shoulders, because this will only result in 8 sets a week. But it could still build muscles right?"
You can crush me
"He probably knows self absorbed as cocky, arrogant, etc instead"
"I can do more work, Thank you"
Then go to urgent care or the ED if you're so scared. You'll be okay homie. End your workout and go relax
I've lost 5 pounds since my refeed Saturday and Sunday. I guess that's my body's way of saying thanks for the carbs
hahaha ik seriously.. thanks man
"It's not an argument my bro. Youre just spreading misinformation and im correcting you in a public forum. Sorry to bother you, you can go back to your fantasy 0 calorie land"
"Me too man. My wife says I have an unhealthy man crush. I just think the guy is an amazing role model, he hasn't been perfect but comes across as a very humble and down to earth person considering all he's accomplished too. When I need motivation to keep pushing myself I turn to Arnold everytime."
Sorry about your dog. What's going on?
"You can lose weight if you diet properly with no drugs, you’re not dieting properly. If you can’t lose weight at 260lbs you’re not even trying.  The amount of extra calories you’d burn with lifting and cardio is fairly negligible compared to how much you could simply drop from diet alone.

Weigh all your food, track all your calories and macros, find out your TDEE(better to underestimate than overestimate it) and eat 500cals less than that."
Sweet beautiful back and hamstring day
Then go get jacked and I’m sure people won’t insult you with it anymore
As a bald man I envy you
What a difference so much better ifbb needs to do better period
Definitely enough time to make substantial progress then. Just keep at it and assess weak points every few months.
Whole milk definitely legit i throw it in my shakes but only 2 cups if i had to do a gallon id for sure throw up
His gym has been open for like 2 weeks and he’s already got someone tearing their bicep in there lmao
Nah I get it 😌
"Well yes, he’s posted about his surgery"
"14 year old wants a nice muscle body. I looked at youtube at full upper body workouts at picked out and ended up with this. Trying to stay between 8-12sets a week per muscle group.  


Sitting press 3x10-12

Sitting chest flys 3x12-15

Sitting shoulder press 4x12-15

Lat pull down 3x10-12

Sitting cable rows 3x10-12

Bicep curls 4x12-15

Tricep push down 3x12-15

&amp;#x200B;

12 sets for chest a week,

11 sets for shoulders a week (sitting press activates front delt i think)

12 sets for back a week

8 sets for biceps a week (14sets if lat pull down counts)

9 sets for triceps a week"
"Haha I like it too man, thanks, but the serratus is paired with high insertions so pros and cons!"
"Id have to see what he looked like a year ago, but not everyone who sauces looks like cbum."
Look like LeBron James in that second photo haha.
Jesus Christ. I'm natty but seeing this shit gives me hope.
"It was like four paragraphs asking people why they started BBing but the part I referenced just talked about how he decided to bodybuild ""for pussy""

He later talked about how he could either have a car or an off-campus apartment and he wanted the apartment for ""a social life"""
How do pants fit you?
yea forearms and calves were next level as well.
God I suck
That's fucking impressive man
Ass is ass my friend
"Yes, but I would bet money that I would have been found at fault and kicked out because I caused “bodily harm” and he just did something fucked up."
Best stacks out there to build muscle ?
It's just chronic back pain. I know having fentanyl prescribed sounds scary but I'm otherwise a healthy individual and I can train within the limits of my condition.
"Keone's waist looks much better here than in the other photo posted today, but from the back idk if he holds up."
"It probably depends on the type of weird OP is, yeah? Like imagine someone being hella disruptive to others lol"
Grab the tissues lot wtf
Yah because T3 is good for you 🤣 nothing like fucking with your thyroid to healthy you up! 🤣
Glad bro. But the facts are. You were never 245 and you didn’t get 6th place. You fucking clown.
"Creeping Death 2 is probably his most popular. It's fun, but the sessions are pretty long."
Thank you! I am 20
Look great! Sucks about the Gyno
Lols fake as Pamela andersons 🎈🎈steroids at 20 really bet his nuts are tiny 😂
I’d say a half vacuum is a good way to describe it. He sort of sucks his abs in but you can’t see the rib cage jutting out with everything else drawn in like a typical vacuum. Maybe he just didn’t practice the vacuum enough for it to look really good but it’s probably just that he was too big to pull it off well
"trainedbyjp: super fucking cool insight on the boards cuz you see some crazy cycles. the training and all that stuff is interesting and fun, but tbh i mostly like the forum and running through his thoughts on the videos he has on all the compounds. not super expensive which is a plus

john jewett: havent personally gone in, but this is a lot different. this is like a certification, your learning and running through an actual course which means its expensive, i believe 600$. but he actually goes into depth on a lot of things including gear apparently so probably super fucking cool if money doesnt mean much and you want the knowledge.

HC: i love joe, you should 10000% use the free trial. its mostly training, you pick a program to run and it has its own log book to enter into for you. lot lot lot of training videos for stuff, thought process behind a lot of stuff, forum board, and a little other stuff like diet. i dont remember seeing any gear talk on there. i enjoyed listening to him talk about his prep for nationals in 2018. a little pricey (25$) to be paying monthly tho, better monthly price (12.50$) if your committed for a year. 

my personal favorite that ive been subbed to for awhile now is B Chavez's: its almost completely gear talk, and has hundreds and hundreds of hours if not over a thousand hours of content. just getting through the Q&amp;As takes awhile alone, but the fucking greatest part is every question is time stamped so you can just scroll through, find the questions you like, and listen to those only. the madsen files was literally recorded coaching calls, you can go through those and see all of the thought process behind their adjustments on diet, training, and gear.  the after freedom podcast archive is also great, its where i first really learned about him and has tons of info and i believe the podcast is off everywhere except his members site now cuz i think the guy got in legal trouble (AUS). his dieting concepts are so extremely simple its not something you need to deep dive here if thats your interest. his training is the same, its not something your signing up for. want tons of interesting takes and info on gear? this is the place to go"
"Man I just got banned from my gym for something I didn't do, they told me they had me on camera and that I was the last person going into the back room and it was completely trashed when they saw it, but I never even once went into the back room, that legitimately was not me going back there, they sent me a text and told me not to come back, what a sad day"
Yeah bro you can totally put on that much muscle in two years
"It won’t increase your metabolism IMO, but it will have an effect on nutrient partitioning so if you are training heavily and eating at a surplus you will gain more muscle than fat. Don’t get me wrong tho, you can definitely get fat still"
yeah I'm hoping to focus more on powerlifting and maybe compete if possible btw if as of rn I can't squat with a squat rack is it possible to just compete in deadlift and bench?
LMFAOOAAOAO IM DEAD. Should’ve put that for the banter. And I have a bunch of protein products such as quest chips and stuff. Think I should be good hopefully
Seen that video before. I do like the look of that split. You think something like that can be used for years to pretty much get most of your gains?
Thanks man I appreciate the write up. I'd never cheat but I'm starting to see why people do it. I'll give this a try with her and see what happens. Definitely havent been pulling my weight as of late in the relationship.
"His forearm is out of frame, no? Or did you mean to link a different pic"
At least you leave in a big coffin...
Just because you look and train like shit doesn't mean you can't look like that natty.
Should have just focused on maintaining this look over gaining size and he'd have 9 Sandows.
Any way we can help from here in California?
But nooo she's supposed to be the smart and self aware one
"5'9""/224lb 

I'm most interested in classic physique but at my height I'm not sure if I could hit the weight limit without losing muscle

http://imgur.com/gallery/MSkg0q7"
Truly a ton of volume. I can’t survive that
The 1970s was a hell of a drug
Luckly I speak normies or I'd be deeply offended.
Very cool. Not often you get to see how everything flows together.
"Oh no, I was just writing that from the perspective of the newbies here that hate that advice lol."
Honestly? Start lifting.
I feel like the Mind Pump guys occasionally have some good tips but you have to listen to them bullshit for 10 minutes for every 30 seconds of good tips you'll get.
Thanks for your contribution
Literally by definition it is but okay dude.
"Congrats my man, what’s your degree in?"
"Haha, I do get free food. But I try not to eat it ever. Sometimes I'll get smoked chicken or smoked turkey and add it to my rice. 

If you check my post history I got lots of bbq pics."
"I absolutely LOVED assembly, but man I wouldn't say it's pie unless you're some kind of psychopath or autist lol"
He’s definitely improved his physique from about 12 months ago
"God what the fuck, I’m having pretty bad rotator cuff pain after doing heavy v squats yesterday. I guess my shoulders are pussies and can’t take having a lot of weight on them."
Well I guess I'll be going on a little bicycle ride after I'm done being a skinny-fat idiot. Ready to blast off this planet bbs.
Cbum must thank the gods everyday for not being on the shortest end of that stick.
Bad bot
Thats great man but i dont think i can afford it.
"&gt;  I recently stopped cutting because I felt garbage and hungry all the time. How did you do it?

How did you expect to feel?"
"First time posting, would eventually like to try compete one day. 6""-6""1', 22yo. Wanna grow a fair bit more before competing, this is my first time trying any poses, just trying to mimic some of the other guys on here. Feedback welcome :)

https://imgur.com/a/3awKBfM"
"tall, young, handsome, still has hair, not an asshole, mr. classic olympia

it's like, why do people bandwagon really good sports teams? because they're cool, they're winners, it's what most people aspire to be"
"You look lost. Lol I recommend learning some poses so you can learn to isolate muscle groups and spot imbalances easier. Taking pics doing proper poses helps you track progress too.


If you want to take your physique to the next level then do it. Dial in your diet more, increase intensity of training, and prioritize recovery more. Consistency is key.


 That's all there is to it. Sounds easier said than done though. Maybe hire a coach if you are struggling to progress. Good luck."
17 hours sleep a night + good hydration and oats only diet.
Major gains💪
Yes hopefully sometime in the summer when I’m home from college. I’m 212ish rn so I’m doing a slow cut to compete in the 198 class. I’m down from 226 and I’ve increased my strength so I’m not worried about losing my numbers
"I hate the fucking game. Gonna go off the rails here for a sec. I saw some shit pop up on my Google news feed that said something along the lines of ""the 10 biggest pieces of gaming news of 2020"" or whatever and thought word, I like to dabble in vidja games, let's see if something cool is coming out. Nope it was all about streamers and who set what record for most viewers or whatever."
I feel attacked as well lol
As someone who is 5’5” I would love to have this balanced of a physique. And be this big 😤
"u doubt me, but i [shall upvote your post from 0-1 nonetheless.](http://puu.sh/Hv4N5/659159d768.png)"
Sergio Oliva looks ridiculous with his proportions. Those arms and that tiny waist. Shame he isn't as sharp as the other two. I can't imagine how a peeled Sergio would look like
Definitely his location. I also go to planet fitness and they are not strict with anything lol. The occasional lunk alarm and asking me to pull mask up but not much else
"I have one of these fuckers at my gym. Barbell rows with clients at the bench or doing it himself with like 200 lbs. Like gtfo, just unracked it at one time when it was packed at the gym and I was waiting for the bench for like 15 minutes already."
"I think this was definitely the first time I took some time to really just sit down and go through it, allow myself to just feel everything instead of burying or numbing it and that’s what brought me to tears. 

I climbed back on the horse tho, and also knowing you guys are here and supportive definitely feels good. So grateful to have u bb"
LOL. I wish. One day though.
"Gay gay gay porn, shitty shit posting. 0.991% bodybuilding tips."
Cool. Where is the one where you are 160 lbs?
Market it as an anti aging pre workout energy drink
Yeah I'd say pretty natty.
"Yea I thought San Diego would have some great options. He’s definitely not the brightest but he has a good heart lol

Thanks man, I sent him your suggestions"
"I get that. Unfortunately I am borderline retarded so you gotta have some patience with me. Appreciate you explaining why it’s a bad idea, much love"
"Just finished day 1 week 5 creeping death 2. Hit every lift, except Christmas Day when gyms were closed. Nutrition has been solid up four pounds 165 to169(nice). It really has been exhausting hitting the calories and protein every day. Scale wouldn’t budge for first week and a half and even went down at one point. Love this program...has anyone run it back to back? Thinking to just keep going half pound/1 pound a week till June for a summer cut. 

Overall loving this program, I was so concerned about gaining any fat(first ever attempt at gaining weight used to be 255lbs) but it’s nice to see some shoulders for once. 

Week 1 Day 1(165lbs) https://imgur.com/a/JXuGL9K

Week 5 day 1 (169lbs) https://imgur.com/a/6eWssEb"
Very cool !! Mind if I share this with an Old school bodybuilding page I’m apart of ?
"Most tame shit ever, guy must have the thinnest skin."
Inspiring
"You don't have enough time worth doing a ""peak week"" just for a festival.  Are you doing anything specific right now? Bulking/Cutting/Maintenance?"
Plus his midsection control seemed the worst its been in a while.
There’s a program unity that’s fun
I take melatonin if my shits a bit jittery.
Wow.
"Fuck u, i can say what ever i want if you don't like it fuck off and go back to your couch fat ass. If he didn't want criticism them don't post pictures here. This isn't some sad support group it's for bodybuilding and sorry lady jane but it's a tough sport and you need to be critical inorder to be the best. The the losers like you that gas people and make them feel good when they really need improvement."
Seriously. The guys nowadays are at lower body fat levels and weigh 50 pounds more
Glad to hear it man! thanks for keeping me posted
Thank you man and noted
"The other guy responded with another joke. You missed it, lol"
"See a doctor, you fucking idiot"
The only thing that matches my love for bodybuilding is my love of delicious shitty foods. My two favorite things are a perfect contradiction of each other.
It's kind of rude of you to assume that it wasn't her preference either.
"My couch, COVID is fun."
Lol a lot of people does have biggest impact in the later stages of life. Ever heard of politics maybe? Or senior CEOs. It is exciting to burn while young but in Your 40s you can be only halfway through your lifespan with modern medicine. And if you are not genetic superstar like ronnie it is a lot better to play safe and enjoy The long ride. Like super man you are national level competitor with ton of gear and heavy weight crushing your bones in your 25. What will you do next 60 years of chronic joint pain every day?
"Lmao yup, I only have one workout shirt and one pair of shorts. Not like I’m going to a fashion show, plus they’re always washed and fresh every day"
much wow
"Pretty much all of them except the Hoist curl machine that moves with you. That machine is great. Cable curls are also alright, sometimes"
"Shit, I'm retarded. Good luck man."
I hope you‘ll reach your goal :) Keep gaining dude and good luck at your show
"Yeah, it may not be polite to say, but Chris' appearance makes him a lot more marketable than the other top competitors. And I think the IFBB cares about marketability even more so for classic than for other divisions, since classic seems to be their ticket to making bodybuilding more mainstream. As much as it sucks though it's not too likely to change, as far as back Arnold's day their have been shenanigans to have the preferred competitor on top, and pretty much every long reigning Mr O other than Lee Haney has had a controversial win."
Honestly I can read exactly that in her eyes 😂
I get it but my monkey brain is very strong and I wanted to break their windshield with a metal baseball bat
"Looks great, when was this?"
"they are healthy and good for you 👍

nutrients and shit you know"
Dmsn ppl got no chill. Just a typo relax my boy
"Sounds like the nutrition plans are too restrictive. Are these meal plans or macros? I would usually tell people macros are a better bet, as you can work stuff in that you are wanting. If you want take out, cool. Fit it in and move on.

Edit: a word"
You wasted your money on sugar capsules
Lol you go to vasa?
Diced to the fucking socks. This is like my goal physique as I'm similar height to you.
"Happy birthday bud! Hope you have an awesome day and crush that PR for a double or a triple, just make sure to pack the calories in a few hours before and be hydrated! You got this!"
"Post a pic so we can help. Your bf % guess is probably wrong, but you're at the top of your average regular weight for your height. It would all just depend on how you look."
yeah he def not natty lmfaooo mf is 19/20? started when he was 17/18 and already at this while 6'1? on jokes lmao
"Help, I need every absolute bit of information on ‘fascia’ for exercises and stretches. Maybe a book, a video, pictures or something. Thanks."
"I’m fat so have plenty of reserve energy, also training for 5-10 hour long strongman/powerlifting events so if I can’t keep up my energy &amp; strength what good am I for competing?"
Are you super straight now?
"Yes! Whatever he says just reply “oh”. It says you heard him, but silently your saying fuck off man child."
They should advertise mood lifters like this.
Great username
gross
Thanks.  Makes sense.
That’s also a pretty good philosophy for farting
"Honestly, start lifting. Learn the techniques and keep it simple. Then I would eat maintenance for a while, say a month until you've nailed the techniques 
Don't fuxk around with lots of different things 

Depending in your split, squat, leg press, deadlift RDL, bench press, incline bench and dips, row, pull down, press, lat raise, 1 or 2 bicep or tricep movements (standing curl, spider curl; pushdown, Kickback). Even that's pushing it, but you don't need any more. 

After you got them mastered, bulk. Wheb you begin lifting you have a huge chance for gains. Begin pushing your numbers up, more reps, more sets, or more weight. Really push yourself  
In 9 month or a year if you've packed on size, cut but do so SLOWLY. Be patient but have a plan."
He actually hasn’t gotten any crazy DMs this time I’m kinda shocked
"Nice, didnt even have to pay him"
His beard is so cool.
"Shit you don’t need tren to feel that way, just take a stroll in NYC on a tourist filled street."
Lulu bro it’s literally like having your dick sucked
"Haha my fault. I’ll let you know how I like business, but as a freshman we all take the same basic classes for now really, so the business stuff doesn’t come in for a bit. Gonna try and start reselling and maybe get into crypto tho"
Sounds like a typical sales job. :/
"Overhead press is hard huh

This post is brought to you by adding 2.5kg to linear progression and getting 3 reps on a 5+ set gang"
Ok troll. Take a seat
"If you were really serious about cutting you'd score a whole 8 ball, not just a few lines"
No
Either some of the best genetics and potential we’ve ever seen or juice lol
"Fun fact! It's actually the conservation of energy and mass. Special relativity showed that energy can be converted to mass and vice versa, however this only happens on the molecular scale in the most extreme environments. Aka the big bang."
lmao what are these guys thinking
"Dude, only 23 and already look that good? What are your overall competitive goals as far as the division you want to compete in? Classic, open, 212?"
Thanks 🙌🏿
"It's hard AF.

I'll start to get rid of any foods I'd crave around 4-6 weeks out and make the gf just get them when she wants them, otherwise I think the fact that it's almost physically impossible to feel full at this body fat and stage helps a lot.

Without the promise of satisfaction from cheating or binging why bother at all?

But there are moments where it consumes you and distractions are key, as well as knowing when to feed yourself back up if self-coached rather than continue to fight the body.

Luckily for me the things I want involve lots of prep or ordering which I couldn't bring myself to do and as quite an adept cook I make lots of super tasty macro friendly stuff so it's not all boring bodybuilding stuff.

At worst I want to binge high protein bread as I love the taste haha"
Cool cool cool just realized I've been doing military press not OHP aka no bounce. Shits been tough asf. Also I've been doing facepulls wrong apparently. Big day for me.
thx
Fucking hell yeah dude
"I hate hip thrusts just because it's such a pain in the ass (pun not intended) to load and unload the weights, and getting in and out of position haha."
Goodnight sweet prince
Thanks man! I appreciate it and I take all the negativity as a grain of salt. Post show I’ll post results
Fage 0% has like 22g of protein for 110 calories lmao.
"Great idea....so, uhh, what sorta ratios of ingredients are we talking here so I can check my supplies. Like...what's the tren/100ml amount I should be putting in here?"
I think I technically dirty bulk. I have my scheduled meals that I won’t miss but will eat random snacks as well during the process.
Tell him his daughter likes your body and the hip thrusts really build your glutes and keep the bedroom spicy.
I’ve had it before but no idea what it is
Lol I had a teenager ask me to buy them booze the other day and I felt like I had aged 70 years instantly. If I wake up and see a girl doing a tiktok dance in my bedroom I will turn to dust
"Nah, I'm talking about every bodybuilder in general, they all do a variation of a cable pushdown and they are in every program."
"Wow huge difference, i was gonna give him the benefit of the doubt before but he looks no where close to what i thought. Mediocre at best."
"Any kind of display of strength or physical activity on mainstream Reddit goes like this:

- wow I could do that if I *random joke about being a fat ass*

- my *body part* hurts after seeing this

- kids / old people / girls, shouldn't use such weights or do such strenuous activities

- *more low quality self depreciating humor*

- he will get hurt / pay for this when he's old"
"Or you’re desperately trolling the app/forums for a raid looking for a lone +1…

I used to think this way, then I got my antidepressants dialed in and now I live free if societal constraints. I also stopped trying with friends who didn’t put in the effort back. Friend group got smaller, but quality improved immensely."
"The original post said 10kg which is what I was going off of. A 22lb bar isn't common, but they're definitely out there"
Crazy good. GL for the show man
"I like to think I have shapely titties and my thing is variety. I would throw in a powerlifting style bench to start my workouts, something like a 5x5 or a pyramid to a heavy triple. I would go up to 90% of my 1rm and toss on a slingshot and amrap it at the end of my benching. Then throw in volume from a stretch like cable flys. 

Also 6 foot and sitting at 197"
like on db chest press or back lat exercises
"Could use words like ""Fullness"" ""Thick"" ""Solid"" ""Tight"" ""Striated"" ""Definition"" ""Popping"" ""Condom tight skin"" Etc."
Hadi gonna win
"Thanks, you got the gist of it though! More tissue = more effort to perfuse it.

I remember a professor once telling me that 1 pound of fat carries with it ~400 miles of added vascularity. Just goes to show why it’s important to work out, while avoiding performance enhancers!"
"Awesome midsection, triceps, biceps, and delts. Keep plugging away! I figured you’d be a tad heavier than 133lbs."
His hairline is fine. EQ probably wouldn’t touch it. Hasn’t done anything to mine.
Ok
"Teachers only care about their own targets as it usually directly affects funding, it’s absolutely fucked and leads to worse schools having less funding which makes zero sense but you know, even police have arrest targets, it’s a mad world."
"“Don’t know if I’m impressed or depressed”

Dead"
Complete and total shit?
Best comparison I've heard! I am Arab so maybe that's why lol
Blocking this guy has become part of my daily routine here
Lol same
Work on your cardio. Lol 😆
What a pleasant thiccc build. Congrats
"Do it, very common and Its delicious."
"Yeah I mean hard to tell as light will affect it hugely and only one pose but I'd say 4 or so. As someone else said though, Bikini is less about being stupid lean and more overall shape. Don't sweat it."
Ty bro
What's the total number of reps in your entire workout?
"I didn’t but I have definitely thought about it a lot. I still have a little loose skin,but over the years it has gotten significantly better. This is a good angle for me. It seems the more muscle mass and the leaner I get the better it looks. Here is a progression the picture where I’m larger is when I was about 250-260 coming from 350, the locker room shot is when i was about 200 with more body fat. I sent those pictures into a Q&amp;A of a YouTuber to get advice that’s why my face is blacked out. Lost the originals.[loose skin progress ](https://imgur.com/a/b7A3xd1)"
Sounds like sick nasty doms to me. I've had it last for up to a week before. I'd wait to see how it feels on Monday.
"&gt; Fuck, I'd put cooked tilapia or chicken breast in my protest shakes, too

You really are Piano man's biggest fan"
"Thankfully everyone keeps it chill that way, too. 

Every now and then someone will bring something up but then they usually don't stay in the sub very much longer after that."
"He's gonna whoop ass in his amateur show for surs, this is easily a pro card winning physique"
"People have been gaining size for this exact reason since the 16th century 

https://fashionthatpays.wordpress.com/medieval-torture-devices-stretcher-rack/"
"Fake weights obviously, no one can lift that much"
i miss Luke Sandoe
I'm digging the lats bro. How hard do you go on pull ups and rows?
Ah so typical juice abuser lmao
I also had a past injury as well and it’s kind of lingering but not too much
"im 24 and have had low t symptoms for the past 2 years never having taken anything, got bloodwork done and it was at 403 total and 12 free. really considering taking rad and mk for a few weeks and letting my t crash lower to get on trt. been thinking about this for a few months. how retarded am i?"
Thank you for your help
Yohimbine makes me feel like a god at work
"How to cut made easy. 

Get diagnosed with ADHD. Start taking meds. Have no appetite and constantly lose weight even when you force feed yourself. 8 pounds down in a month. 

At least I look leaner"
Abusing steriods !!
"where can i pay for an online coach that is reputable. I’m tired of looking so digusting and pathetic even though my lifts are so so I still look terrible. I feel embarassed to say that ive been lifting for almost 5 years now.

1RMs:

Seated OHP 150

incline bench 190

back squat 235

sumo dl 365

chin ups bodyweight + 150lb"
Bumstead has a solid 10 pounds to fill out still right? Believe he came in 230 but his cap is 240 now that he has competed taller than he expected 2 years in a row
"Awesome gonna keep this in mind, probably gonna do a repost but I was looking to grab some advice on what I had on deck."
"I actually have grown more hair??? Lol. And my hair has gotten thicker, hence the problem with ingrowned hairs after shaving"
Honestly the thing with high volume is it puts a lot of mental stress and you. With power building you get to have fun while making gains and growing strength. I really don't see why everyone doesn't do it.
"Even if I was interested in being friends with someone and wanted to talk with them, my answer would be ""no.""  The specificity makes it more intense than it needs to be to just spark up a conversation."
I don’t give a crap about bare feet. Just don’t put your feet where people put their hands or pick your toes and not wipe your shit down. Disgusting. He smells like shit too.
"You’re likely just making a mistake somewhere in your calorie tracking, like not measuring correctly."
Chucky Cheese Chance baby woooo it ric FLAIRENING baby WOOO
very true bro. THank you. Hopefully this phone repair wont be too expensive
For anyone interested in my stats I’m 6’2” 247lbs
Lol
"Same thing happened with my ex. Dumped via text (after 6 years) with some pre rehearsed speech listing everything I'd ever done that pissed her off, still has a bunch of my stuff at her house. Shit sucks but it'll get better, I've found rebounds help more than the gym lol"
at the end of the day im ignoring all government covid restrictions. didnt get a shot? sucks for you. not my problem
Maybe I skipped it and thanks
"Thank you immensely for the response. Upping my protein won’t be an issue at all. On top of my workout 6 days a week, after the workout is complete, I do a 15 minute body weight ab workout, does that suffice for the amount of cardio or should I incorporate running or something of that nature in as well?"
"Detail cars, easy money"
"Nice! We have an instagram if you're interested shoot us a follow (same as our username) , we'd love to watch your progress!"
I honestly like the combination of body/muscle and your eye brow poses! You really have a Greek god quality.
"Its something i struggle with as well.  Ultimately you have to compromise i think.  Top / competing bodybuilders will do LISS to preserve leg strength.  Amateurs and more all around athletes  stick to more proper cardio and just have shitty or less frequent leg days.  Personally i do PPLPPL* with the asterisk being that sometimes i skip the second leg day but always substitute a monster workout if i do so (long intense bike ride/run/hike, rock climbing, kayaking, or 18+ holes walking).   But i usually do 0 cardio on the first leg day and a light session the day before so i can get a solid workout in.    Squeeze in 3-5 lighter cardio sessions / week ( 5k run, 15k bike, pick up sports kinda thing)."
"He used to have decent lower lats, especially in 2016-2017. Seems like they regressed."
Nah. He too small in all aspects
You'd want to work with a psychiatrist on it. Theres a lot of tests they can give you.
Cbum 2020 is far superior than arnold. His proportions are much better than Arnold as he was shoulder/chest dominant only.
"But it's also better than ""omg help i cant workout at all"""
"yeah thats what im doing rn, 250 surplus and then when the weight gain stalls for more than a week just up by 250 again. also just to make sure ive got everything right, does it matter what those calories consist of? as in as long as i get a high amount of protein and throw in a good portion of fruits and veg, i can do whatever with the rest right?"
Yeah anything by Vlad Yudin is pretty trashy. I’m kind of sick of that guy having the monopoly on all bodybuilding content.
"[This is the ideal male body. You may not like it, but this is what peak performance looks like.](https://i.imgur.com/aPyDkD5.png)"
"I would pick which one you actually want to compete in long-term and focus on that. You can be fairly lean and not look like shit and compete in powerlifting, but that won't get you as far in bodybuilding as you'd probably like. You will also get plenty strong in bodybuilding, there are so many competitors that are moving big, big weights in the gym without putting their focus on maximal strength. 

Also, I consider ""powerbuilding"" to just be good, general strength training for anybody who isn't advanced enough to need to focus on one style of training or the other. It's just a term that means getting strong in powerlifting movements while also adding muscle mass in other areas and not neglecting muscle groups like biceps and side delts that are often lagging in strength athletes. If you take any typical bodybuilding program and do a squat, bench press, or deadlift variation in heavier rep ranges at the beginning of the work out, voila, you have powerbuilding. It's not magic."
"It’s crazy cuz I track my calories in order to eat enough, not even to lose weight (currently). I’m constantly eating and I’m very deliberate with my meals. And I have a friend who sees this behavior and multiple times has commented on it. “Are you anorexic?” “I think you might have a disorder” and that sort of thing

Funny thing is before I developed this “disorder” I was 140lbs @ 6’1”. Much healthier, right? 

Weird ass social norms"
"Hard to say, really. I'm not aware of any decent way to estimate. But you can see the vague outline of abs, and veins here and there. I think high teens at the most, and could be less because my back and legs look leaner."
Join the elbow sleeve gang
"Hey, a well tailored suit on a bulking guy will look sick. Just don't take off the shirt haha."
I would highly recommend the kidney supplement from Revive MD and replace the milk thistle with TUDCA if you can. Milk thistle does not have good bioavailability.
She would probably like lifting weights more if you learned how to use a camera
Make sure to activate your almonds before eating them.
Wow who knew that lowering the weight and using proper form could work so well?  😒
"I definitely thought that was the case, planning out a 1000 cal dinner but I’ll still be in an extra 400 calorie deficit, but maybe I’ll just eat an extra cookie or two!"
"I’m pretty confident  I can feel them working when I run back day (currently gamma bomb). I use weight I can control, squeeze the muscle, but maybe more unilateral work would do it justice. 

I’m limited in equipment until i get my second vaccine shot, but beefyunicorn sent me a video yesterday of how to use the bands in a pull up bar for a unilateral pull down I’m going to incorporate. 

Lately when JM calls for unilateral work for pull downs I just sub in pull ups because, that’s all I have for a vertical pull motion.

Obvi I could just be really under developed or I could just be sloppy in form."
Thank you! My IG is Cosminfit
"Yeah, Devon was hardcore fanboying his hand/wrist strength and size, haha."
"I wouldn't bother with viagra for lifting because it gives me annoying sides (stuffy nose, headache). Cialis feels good in the gym. For seggs they both work, cialis lasts way longer though so no pressure as far as using the 3 hour viagra window. I like low doses, 6mg cialis 30mg viagra. Viagra is also substantially cheaper."
"Ima have to try that out, I am lazy as hell when it comes to cooking chicken"
Idk I just can’t do as much weight as I was at my home gym and I just feel like shit a lot of the time. Could just be the change of setting but I’m not sure why it is.
The worse part is the pre-workout at 4:45 am
The development is good ! I’m natty to and it’s just hard to get a super thick back not on the sauce . To me it looks like you could “open up” the back more if that makes sense
"Yea I agree and honestly everytime I start one of his videos and he sais the ""scientific literature"" i cringe and its like every other sentence he sais it"
"Being short is an advantage, you will look jacked after adding less muscle than a tall person."
Nah BB bot.
"Haha thanks so your main suggestion for me would be just to massively cut? Any idea on where to start? 

&gt; 4 years? Consistently? Slaving for 2 hours each and every workout? Bullshit

4 years consistently yes. Between 3 and 4 years. The 2 hours is a little bullshit. Only since gyms reopened during corona and there's nothing else to do but go to the gym that I've been going for 2 hours at a time.


&gt;**You look like shit** because there's something you're not doing right and there's no way you're being consistent with everything

Thank you, I agree."
Probably a solid 40-50lbs
Thanks for the PTSD
The classifications are all confusing except for open and 212. Shut down classic and men’s physique. Make it 3 or 4 weight classes and that’s it. Something like 185 to 200 … 200 to 220 … 220 to 250 and 250 + …. Or come up with clarity on what classic is and what physique is .
Oh my god how do you ever do anything ever besides pet them.
"Jeez, Nick's legs are way bigger.  Nick wins this."
You got a link to that thread by chance?
That million dollar smile
Bro I have no idea why all these people are trippin. You look insane bro IFBB soon
Might want to slap a NSFW on dat ass.
"Exactly, they seem fun but I know I would be annoyed if I wanted a machine and someone was using it as 1 if 3 in a superset"
I appreciate that! 🙏🏾
There is a death every month now. Tragic.
Trained back with my retarded bottom Robzilla. Feel great despite my rotting calves unfortunatelt
It’s amazing how so many of them will happily inject themselves with synthetic hormones cooked up in some bushwack lab on a daily basis but draw the line at getting a vaccine that has been developed by top scientists and successfully administered to millions of people at this point. It boggles my mind how backwards and nonsensical their logic is.
Some people really be ego lifting so hard that they manage to make dumbell curls a full body exercise
Yeah early 20s* true
"Does not look like a row at all to me lol, I'd say it's a pretty good form."
"Backed off my lifting intensity after burning out and tweeking my back. 

I'm getting back to consistent lifting using a full body push/pull split every other day. Push is chest, quads, tris, shoulder press, and calfs.  Pull is lats, hams, bis, upright rows, and face pulls. 

I'm taking it easy but I really like it so far."
"Get ready for a serious amount of downvotes from the butthurt...but I don’t know why the majority of bodybuilding fans on this Reddit forum don’t admit that these guys just looked aesthetically better. Women were going nuts for these guys back then. The mass monster thing is awesome from a scientific point of view because these guys today are maximizing their genetic potential, but these older guys were flat out more aspirational and pleasing to the average eye. It was “wow, he looks amazing”, rather than, “what the f*** is that”. At 23 years old, we grew up watching the Terminator and Apollo Creed in Rocky and going “damn I want to look like that”, then Dorian Yates came and changed the game up and rightfully so because he wanted to WIN. 

Again, I realize this is going to get a lot of downvotes because guys are “BoDyBuIlDiNg IsNt MeAnT To pLeAsE tHe AvErAgE EyE” yeah yeah cool bro. Keep chasing your goals, but I know Arnold, Lou and Frank Zane got more buns than Phil Heaths and Big Ramys. 
I get it I get it, Bodybuilding isn’t about who can get more ass, it’s about who can get trophies...🤡 These guys were the fucking goats whether you want to admit it or not. And don’t bring up classic physique neither, the quality of physiques are different because the drugs are different. Majority of these new guys are not as strong as those guys were either...”WeRe BoDyBuIlDeRs NoT WeIgHt lIfTeRs” yea yea yea gtfoh Golden Era trumps modern era it is what it is. 

Pumping Iron &gt; Generation Iron."
"Thank you, kiritokusao, for voting on cookie_b0t.

This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://botrank.pastimes.eu/).

***

^(Even if I don't reply to your comment, I'm still listening for votes. Check the webpage to see if your vote registered!)"
I blame that I'm from Aus
And obviously they’re small/look like shit for running gear and I would TOTALLY look better than them if I used steroids with half the doses!!! (5’9 155lbs) every time.
"Yeah, it's pretty shitty, but that's what sells

Nobody wants to be average, but at the same time, they don't want to play with needles 

I just wish steroids weren't so heavily restricted and that anyone could go through a doctor for responsible use

I'd also love to see more research done on more modern compounds because many of them could have amazing medical potential - but it's such a tricky area due to the shitty laws around them"
Fine. Keep your secrets then.
I get sunburned no matter what I do ffs
Screw the night shift man my body refused to adjust to that for 8 months before I begged my boss to get mee off it.
Thank you!
That jaw line can cut diamonds.
"Hey man! For now, I'm having super basic stuff. Just 3 meals a day, keeping my carbs stacked to morning hours.

Breakfaat - 250ml Porridge and 50g roasted nuts
Lunch - 150g lentils/green gram stew
Dinner - 200g grilled beef/chicken/fish with a salad"
Thanks man appreciate it. Been lifting 6-7 years I guess but more seriously for the past 2-3
"Lol, you're right about where I am by those metrics. 6'1"" 222lb, and last time I tried curling heavy that's about where I was but maybe a little less. I'm close to 32 and have lots of chronic injuries like my left pec which I've strained three times, knees that are worn out, and a muscle close to my sacrum that gets tight if I don't keep my hip mobility on point. Looking good never felt so old."
Just eat clen and tren hard bro. Nothing to it.
"Yeah, like today is a refeed and I had a gaint bowl of cereal filled to top to get extra carbs in. Like most people would love that, but I was dreading it the entire time."
Little dick energy 🥴
Lol WHUT
"i swear i see differences in your physique every few days consistently each time you post here/ in /r/steroids. Physique is classic as hell, I got no tips just wanted to say good shit bro"
Feel like creatine would be harder to get a pass for. “Oh so it gives you strength and size SOUNDS LIKE A STEROID MISTER!
Congrats on that transformation! Hope your competition time is enjoyable.
I appreciate it! Thanks!
Is there any certain split that would work well doing arms/delts 5x a week?
he was joking big dawg 💯
Ugh I hate pin breakers. The only heavyweight lat PD machine at my planet fitness is so broken you have to punch the pin in
holy shit that was fucking hilarious
Yeah. If he wanted to I rhink he could
"&gt; No excuses

There should never be any excuses. Hell in one prison that didn't have a proper rec yard, I had to take an old pillowcase and fill that shit up with dirt/sand so that I could do bicep/tricep work."
Damn hw did he beat  Breon the first year like that?!..2nd year is a huge fuckin difference
Yes
His ass goes halfway up his back!
Link me a video please.
If you're becoming a competitor for the prize money you're doing it wrong.
"For what its worth - i train with a 4 day split on repeat, usually 2 on 1 off or 3 on 1 off. Every chest day starts with flat bench, every leg day with squats. Every other back day with deadlifts. On that movement only, i run juggernaut method to build strength."
Thanks! I just got a god awful fever and headache the first day. Now I'm not sick at all anymore. It's just so boring staying home for 2 weeks...
So funny haha fat people have no discernable value as human beings lol because they're not fuckable to you so funnny
I wish Phill made his online presence known before. He was the first Mr Olympia that had to come to grips with being a champ in the social media era. If he adapted sooner he would have had a better time with an audience that was sympathetic to him.
"I will also agree it's calories but it also depends on WHAT kind of carbs you having. For an example a high GI carb like white rice cannot be substituted with anything.
The quality of the food you put in your body is what gives you the results."
"It's just so sad how people who lack critical thinking skills can fall victim to the misinformation so easily. There are legit anti-vaxx pediatric nurses and doctors out there, and that blows my fucking mind."
good job!
I love the hip tilt he does so often. Its just so classic looking to me. Epic routine overall!
"Thank you for the reply man.

&amp;#x200B;

But really does it matter if I use the smith machine? I get to lower the incline making it better for my upper chest and also it keeps the bar straight so I can get it to where I want while having all my focus be on the contraction."
"His son (Sabonis) is 6'11"". It'd suck to be that tall and still have your father be 4"" taller."
"Retract is good, but yeah, minimize the arch.  Retracting by itself doesn't really necessitate an arch"
Nah MMA is a spot as there is a referee and you can directly affect your opponents performance
Actually to be honest I’ve never watched Joe Rogan in my life
"Absolutely try doing bench 4 days a week like such
Heavy,light,medium,possible heavy depending on how you feel"
Incredible and congratulations!
I learned this in high-school and idk how common it is but ranch dressing on pizza is absolutely delicious.
"I treat my legs like I treat my tinder hookups, I fuck them so hard they can’t walk right and like them big enough that they won’t break."
Commit to a cut or a bulk. Stop over complicating shit. Your post isn’t getting attention because it’s stupid shit we see every day.
"Yes, of course, but could you achieve the same look for example by lifting heavy for 0.5 years and by doing bodyweight exercises for 1.5 years? Does muscle grow differently from different types of exercises, or does it just grow slower and with a smaller potential?"
Thanks!
"Well that sounds quite good tbh, many people drink first time at those ages and get absolutely wasted."
"The whole ""when you get old your back hurts"" thing. Is that truly just an age thing, or is it more of an age + no exercise thing?"
You look great but one where you're smiling could help I guess.
Lats are insane!
"I'm scared of this Gamma Bomb's leg day.

Meadows really affects you."
hey I think u replied to the wrong comment friend
Thanks!!!
Timms possibly... Extremely doubtful but he's cbums closest competition.
And fineee ill use the sus machine 🙄
"I've had some good experiences with GAP, they make some shorter shorts that really let the thighs breathe"
Mainland? You stuck in Hawaii?
Excuse me what in the fuck? 820lbs?
If you want to be 180lbs you got to eat like you’re 180lbs.
Thank you for sharing. Condolences on your loss and to all who knew and loved him and looked up to this legend.
"Awww yeah, go get it! 
Wish I could start too but more cutting to go."
"Screwed all the protein, literal gains goblin."
Some of the greatest triceps of all time.
"Same dude. Even my friends who are gym bros just ask me "" why "" it gets old lmao"
"Second baking. Perfectly juicy and easy to make a bunch at once.

If you’re not in prep and can afford some ambiguous fat content giving them a brush down with herb butter or spicy olive oil before they go in the oven is tops."
"Just heard Onlyfans is gonna ban sexual explicit content.

How do we make money now bbs?"
"You ever want something so bad it hurts? 

That’s how I feel about a champion physique. I just want my back to look like a barrel of snakes.

I’m making great progress on this bulk but being patient is the hardest part I think."
Hunters side tri is clearly trying to imitate Dorian and he's actually very successful in that. Hunter has my favorite side tri in the game rn. Its not on dorians level but its close enough.
"I’m not gonna abandon bodybuilding 

But powerlifting is my main goal at the moment 

The goal is to be a decently aesthetic 220 class powerlifter"
Oh one of those lmao
That’s okay. It’s the hardest in my opinion. I struggle with it still but it’s more about relaxing and stretching than it is flexing
"Rugby is probably way more fun too, like it's amazing! Although I'm curious how accurate those stats are honestly, used to play a fair bit of rugby and have a lot of friends that play... They do not consider injuries as injuries a lot of the time lmao. 

If *you* wanna get injured though, just dip your nob in a rugby players pint, they will take care of the rest."
"Yes, you’re a recreational drug user. That is what all bodybuilders are."
"Nice humble brag dude.

It’s well above average so yes, by definition you are tall."
"So last Sunday it was empty in my gym except for two other old dudes, had a sick pump and the lighting was anabolic so I took my shirt off for literally twenty seconds to take a Pic and some old guy comes up to me and says

""Hey, in HERE you have to keep your shirt on. If you want to take it off go to the locker room""

Fast forward to today, spotted him talking to someone with his mask down, walked up to him

""Hey, in HERE you need to keep your mask on""

The look on his face. Yes."
"Hey y'all, struggling to figure out what a good hypertrophy routine would look like if we're just talking 3 gym days per week. There's a lot of talk of 5/3/1, 5x5 - strength routines, not hypertrophy, if I understand correctly.  
From Dr. Mike Isratels, 6 - 10 hard sets are enough weekly for consistent gains. Would 3x8-12 of the following be enough, chosen carefully? Or is there something I'm not thinking about?  
3x per week, 3x8-12 of each:  
\- 2x Legs excercises (Squat, Deadlift)  
\- 2x Chest/Shoulder excercises (Bench, OHP)  
\- 2x Back excercises ( Barbell row, Pullups)  
As a basic core, could this do it? Advice welcome, please!"
"Gotcha, thanks!"
"I like the big freakshows

&amp;#x200B;

Just watch classic if you have a problem with it? There are many divisions old man"
No problem. I had just started using it myself and it has completely replaced MyFitnessPal for me. Made me realize how embarrassingly micronutrient deficient my bulking diet had to have been.
"Alfred’s Theme is the best, bounciest Eminem song in years.  Makes you wanna do that Dre-Em head bounce the whole time"
I like this answer the best
I use those but with each finger. As a warmup of course.
Yes but it’s understandable since everyone wants the best care possible including myself
Thanks so so much 💪🏾💪🏾
"You can keep trying to insult me for asking you to prove your claims, it's not making *me* look bad."
I used to do that but individually scoop each supplement into my shaker when it came time to go. I used to add those calorie free water flavor tube things if I had any lying around (I usually didn't tho)
"Have been making regular progress on that, currently pushing 52kg and able to add 1.50kg a week it seems."
"Terrence Ruffin put up some pretty good videos since the Olympia. Also look up Emma Hyndman on YouTube. At the end of the day though there is a lot of personal aspects to posing, so I’d recommend working with a coach"
"cant deny it, im swole but i got a bit of gut on me thats gotta go.  So far a month on my deficit hope that percentage goes down."
You’re fine. I eat like 240g of protein at 140 lbs. protein is hard to convert to fat and is not actually bad for your kidneys if you’re healthy.
Just found his profile looks like he does that constantly hahah. Half his videos he just goes from giant shirt to shirtless in a second then works out. Me if I’m ever that aesthetic.
"I don’t need to gain weight. I’m not too worried about appetite suppressants, I took strattera for 2 weeks and dealt with nausea and appetite loss the whole time and still managed to eat enough to maintain my without forcing it"
"Okay, if I fall behind on my weight goals in my bulk, should I up my calories past pace or keep at pace, maybe bump up a little and just delay my goals?"
good bot
Hemp seeds ftw. Dont get soggy. Also pumpkin seeds. Bonus if spicy.
Hero
"Damn, the BMI cutoff in my country is 40+. 25 as a cutoff seems low."
Thanks my man! I think my bicep veins would still pop up even if I was at a 30% bodyfat haha.
I'm curious as to why you want to stay light? Is it a weight class issue?
"Ah damn you caught me I’m lying about it on a reddit sub..... lmao yes I’m seriously natty, why the hell would I lie about it here?"
Right now is the single best time to sell a used pickup truck than in the last 10+ years. Man some of the trucks at auctions with fucked up engine and transmissions are selling today at wholesale for what they what have sold for at retail last year.
Totally agree. Not to mention the fact that he showed up on the Olympia stage wearing my grandpa’s diaper. Despicable!
You look amazing brother!!
My arms feel ready for more a few hours later
"In Ig too. People are so dumb, I swear."
"Ignore the A/B (that's just my way of saying that you have 2 splits which you alternate). 

I'm just confused since you mentioned upper/lower type split despite mixing upper &amp; lower on every workout."
It's not fun I'll tell you that for free.
"CBUM deserved the win, was very clear imo. 

It was also clear that everyone else is catching up and it could be anyone’s win next year(out of the top 4 or 5)."
True that
"Ignore him, you can’t even see em 😂"
"Yeah i think they just go it alone actually, i think motherfuckers have bee guessing for decades. Every ""proffessional"" has just been guessing based on who came before who guessed on who came before who guessed on who came before...

 Because theres no fucking way any medical professional would be ok well these guys doing the amount of junk they do over this long a time.

Everyone on this forum scoffs when a classic body builder or past time dude say he only did some tiny amount, i think maybe they arent lying and the modern idea is to just slam as much juice as they can. Well now all these guys are dead... It would take a huge amt of mental gymnastics to not connect the dots."
"Yeah the thing is my performance in the gym isn't getting worse or anything, it's just my day to day life but by the time the gym comes around I can grind out the workout. 

Cause day one is only deadlifts day two is my base day with medium volume and day three is a pump day without the heavy compound (barbell squats) with lesser volume, so it's barely manageable lol. 


Idk I'll have to see bro I'll obviously pull back if it gets too much."
Lol. I do agree. I never said it builds muscle. Just sends a signal man. Thank you tho.
That's trt family pack or sth? Great progress bro but 500mg isn't trt.
whos willing to go half on this lol
"Back when I used to follow scooby like 7 years ago, he made a set of videos of him on a triathlon and how he managed his diet to lose as less muscle as possible"
Its not the most urgent thing in my life - although Ive heard greats things from people i know who say they wish they wouldve done it earlier lol
"IME any time you really want to feel a muscle work, just don't give it any rest during the set, and pause at the point where the contraction is the greatest. eg. lateral raises, pause at the top where arms are parallel with ground, and don't let them completely relax at your sides at all during the set"
"Air is pretty tasty at this point 😅. Right now I’m doing 3 “meals” and 1 snack.  Majority of meal is some sort of leafy green, or shiritaki noodles, just enough super lean protein and depending on my workout timing, a little added fat. Pickles/ cucumbers and sugar free jello are helping when I need it."
Surely it was /u/Broligarchy?
"You do understand what a fucken joke is? These white guys look ridiculous painted darker than the black guy in the group. I don’t care, other than to ridicule a rather silly practice. But don’t let the young millennials and genZ catch you running around in blackface. They’ll cancel your shit."
I got good results from decline dumbbell press. Focus on contracting the pec.
Looking solid. Wish you well at your show!
"lmao naw i think we both know that theres a lot we disagree on but theres not much else we can do besides add anecdotal evidence which we both recognize as not that great for convincing arguments. 

side note, do you know who wes watson is?"
I got into an argument with my partner over this. He still thinks it’s to wash away dirt dispite me showing evidence of it being related to starch… I could show him this thread and he would still deny it. Odd hill to die on but ok 🤷🏻‍♀️
"Yeah it's definitely not a necessity, but it is great for hitting the entire leg in one go, which no machine can really do"
"Dear people who leave weights out at the bench, I hope you stub your toe tonight"
"Looking great my man!! Congrats, well earned!!"
Why does it look like the guy on the left has a dick on each leg
The struggle we didn't even know we'd have haha. Godspeed bro looking like a Greek God.
"Yea sure, if you lift weights and get ripped tons of girls who look like this will give you their boobs."
Progress pic?
"Perfect, thanks. I've been dealing with tendonitis since August so I'm really looking forward to some relief.  It's improved drastically with rehab working and a tailored exercise selection, but some days I still get some nagging pain and I'd just love to be done with that shit."
"Holy fuck, I have a lot of weight on her but our wings are pretty equal 😮"
You only get break up gains if you're the dumpee bro
"I bitch a lot to new posters for shit like this but if some kid is 3 weeks out and wants to talk about his diet and training then that’s what this sub is for. 

If it’s some bean pole asking “I have genetix???” they can fuck off."
"Hey man I commented in the original thread when it was posted responding to the 2nd highest comment about your acne. Shits so dumb how these people are coming into our subreddits without knowing shit about body building, I realized it’s a problem with /r/NattyOrJuice as well. Just want to let you know you look fucking great, dream fucking physique right there."
Insecurity. Isn't it the same for all of us?
Stunning.
Thank you mate!
"No way it’s def simeon panda. 

But really… I don’t think this is the peak of natural potential, but he looks great. 

Also don’t assume this body fat % means naturallly achieved"
Post your physique.  Would love to see it.
"idk, hope there's lots of thotties in thongs though"
I'll admit that was the technique that I was using but I'll admit I've never been sure about how to really pull it off.
"I hit legs today, how the fuck are you supposed to front squat more than 135 without literally being choked out?"
Linked the heart at least lmao
"Been lifting for 4 years and pretty much only make progress if I train with really high intensity, but wow my body isn’t made for this shit at all. Every 3-4 weeks training like this I just end up tired af and unmotivated to lift until I take a week off, even when I’m bulking 😞"
Gotta ask... What's the routine and diet like for a 12 year old?
"Man won the heisman, whatever he’s doing seems to be working haha"
"But, is it better than vanilla?"
Fair enough
"Yeah. Warm up with hamstring curls.

Anecdotally, you could also strengthen your knees with light weight walking lunges 2x a week. Using a more narrow squat stance also prevents my knees from hurting, personally."
"Ok well I don’t know enough about mma or boxing. Why isn’t there a set rules for points? That’s dumb.

A touchdown is 7 pts 

A knockout should be a specific point."
"I agree it's lame when people lie about their (un)-natty status.

But OP has not done this."
That's like everyone over the age of 35 from the beginning of man to the end. Generational finger pointing.
You look like an NSync member
They arrested him because he had a full gym during a pandemic. It’s dickheads like this that are the reason I had to close my business.
"No way is right. He keeps it at an rpe
of 7 after the first set and the last set is a pause set. 5 reps, 20 second pause, repeat until failure.  

Just not my style of training. I like to pyramid 3 good sets with a warm up set with the last set being a failure dropset. The first exercise was lying leg curls and it took 25 minutes to complete, all four took two full hours. A long workout is 80 minutes for me. 

I just wanted to give it a try as a challenge, and it was indeed challenging and exhausting, but I was losing focus and interest by set 4."
nah dude.  i was coming at it from a start of like 310 if that gives more context
why are you hesitant to use them?
welcome to bodybuilding and not spinning your wheels
"I'll never be able to figure this shit out for the life of me. I eat the same things, sleep the same and one day I look like shit the next day i look amazing. I didn't even workout the last three days because of the second dose i got"
That was like his 45th account.
"They’re challenging to isolate heavy. I love training adduction directly for a pump and to help your squat, but a deep leg press or squat will do a lot more to add mass."
"I’m sorry but for being 5’5 you don’t look like you lift. Bump up the calories, volume, weight, and ask again in 3 years minimum. Bodybuilding is a game of enjoying the process"
"Definitely expecting it too soon. Keep training and trust the process. 

By the time you're repping 225 for 10 I guarantee your chest will look different than it does now"
Damn man. I was following your progression too. Sorry to hear about the cancellation. Any new plans?
I think so but like my analogy about tattoos it's incredibly painful and incredibly expensive
Why is it recommended *not* to workout? I was at a concert the next day when I got most of mine
"My prozac is giving me insomnia/extremely interrupted sleep

:("
You spelled subjectively wrong dude.
"Hey, take the constructive criticism and get better. Great showing."
"These guys most certainly took supplements. 

Steroids, no. But these guys were taking some highly experimental bull crap all th time lol. Always an elixir they were trying to grow beyond norms"
You’ll be sorely disappointed as someone who doesn’t know what they’re doing lifting wise and also being that body fat. Sure go do your 500mg beginner cycle and get back to us with your sick results lol.
"That's super fair. I wasn't specifically referring to you with that comment either. If someone adopts a regular English or otherwise acquires one without paying a breeder that's fine, the dog can't be 'unborn' and deserves care too, and I wasn't about to assume where you got your dog even when I thought it was an EBG."
Thanks man! I enjoy training at the gym. Look forward to it most days.
Yes I agree with you
I appreciate the feedback!
That seems like pretty standard stuff per serving to me. Besides the fact that there’s a long list of nutrients (that you may or may not even need) I don’t see anything that stands out here.
Thank you! That’s the fuckin plan 👊🏽
"Whats everyone's favorite exercises to warm up your legs? I usually start with a seated leg press and increase the weight after each set, usually 4 sets, feels like it hits all the major muscles to get me going. Wanted to see what everyone else is doing."
Thanks bro!
"Your coach sounds like an idiot. 8 weeks is not long enough for a prep unless you’re already shredded which I doubt you are. You also have no business running tren unless you’re women’s physique or bodybuilding, which considering your goal weight is 125 at 5’10 you sound an awful lot like a bikini competitor. So basically you’re gonna be taking the most toxic drug possible while on a diet that isn’t long enough for you to get lean. All while you’re still doing coke and xanax. Get clean, find a new coach that doesn’t want to put you on tren, and pick a later show date."
"Okay, so I tested my Bulgarian split squat (70 kg BW, by the way). 

75 kg (165 lbs) moved pretty slowly.

85 kg (187 lbs) was a battle.

Tried 90 kg (198 lbs), couldn't lock out, felt a bit deflated.

So I got psyched up for 10 minutes, went for 90 again, and just about finished the longest, most spasmodic rep of my life.

At least I know I couldn't have gone heavier..."
"It's crazy you're getting as many upvotes as you are, considering you're just throwing out some insults combined with statements lacking any logic to back them up. That's reddit sometimes though man.

That being said, of course the rumors for Ronnie's 2003 gear use are insane. It's the most impressive version of any bodybuilder to ever hit the stage. People want to think it's drugs because they want to believe they can access a similar level of mass or at least a fraction of it. People can't. Look at Boston Loyd. Guy pumped grams and grams of gear until his kidney's failed. The guy still looks meh.

And the vast majority of people would look meh too doing the same thing."
Yeah I don't agree with him.
Looks good. Kinda lame but good to see you smiling in posing photos. Too many people around here pose looking absolutely miserable and the stage presence will be attractive.
Fucking LOL
who’s got a healthy french toast recipe they wanna share😏
If the first 2 sets are easy then go up in weight and see what happens with the third set.
Second place should've won
"a lot of bad stuff, Growth plates prematurely closing, etc"
NO ONLY SERIOUS
"Two of the best!  
Seems like most of us are on the same page. Bob is basically perfect, but Mike looks like Frank Miller's take on a human. I'll give the nod to Bob in a competition setting, but I'd also sooner look like Mike."
"Roid rage. If you’re not a douche, they won’t turn you into one"
Thanks man! Got any links of once you like of them ? I’ve been Googling but couldn’t find any pfd for example
Lmao
"Nice! Did you get any side effects or feel sick after your 1st?

I mean 65% is better than zero so you're pretty much good!"
Rest in motherfucking Peace Rich
"Great suggestion regarding the beginner splits! Bodybuilding.com has some good ones. Regarding the macros, I wouldn’t focus on this for a beginner. Just focus on eating relatively healthy and to meet your caloric needs to gain weight steadily. Macros are great, but not worth the effort especially for beginners."
Yeah exactly.  You are doing very well. Happy gains.
"Getting lucky doesn't equate knowledge bro. It just doesn't no matter what you argue. He was also speaking in long term, which you just mentioned he cited."
All these people saying Arnold is their hero obviously haven’t been following his socials or anything since these have been his politics. Dude believes in the masks and the vaccine. He posted and IG video weeks ago about this shit
Get over it bro.  And who said they hate Arnold?
"Well then…………

Change that shit back."
"Haha. I appreciate the words. Spoken like someone with lots of wisdom and gains to match.

I gym consistently. I do not watch my diet consistently. As you can imagine, I have a dad bod. Just had our first kid so expectations and reality match for the time being lol.

Good luck with the comp!"
Oh yeah you’re right didn’t see the grooves guess they would definitely act the same if you hit water
"The trick to saving your shoulders is do them as high pulls instead, controlled explosion rather than slow grind puts less stress on the joint while taxing the muscle as hard or harder. I do them more for strength than size though so idk which is better for size."
Is that what they call a 'mini - cut': pretty agressive weight loss during a short period?
Fair
Wrong sub…
Thank you! 👊
"When normies say you look good but all you can see in the mirror is flaws in your physique.

I mean obviously we look way better than the average person but damn I always want more."
"Ah fuck, I'm gonna get tricked a bunch today because it's already April 2nd here so I'm not gonna be expecting it"
"&gt;Say what you want but not everyone here has an outlet in their personal lives to talk about some of this to people who understand it and don’t just smile and nod or have someone to ask them the right kind of questions.

This shit here. Preach."
"Looking good. u/iSkeezy, thoughts on how and why he can maintain his mass even with such low volume of training?"
No.
Only onion? That's fuck all when there are literary 3 Hindu guys who smell like Curry-Turmeric from 10 meters away...
Ah fuck guess I need to fix these virgin delts....
Stop eating like an asshole is a good start
This made me feel happy
"They're at their weakest point on stage. Months of dieting and leading up to the show they take in very little to no water within a couple days of stepping on stage. Not doing everything perfectly can lead to severe cramps, light headedness, and in some severe cases loss of consciousness. After Rhoden won the Olympia in 2018, he was so exhausted he could barely walk and needed someone to help him walk around off stage. That's the price you pay for extreme conditioning."
Thanks bro
"Dickhead. They aren't doing it to be selfish. Ofcourse you are too thick to realise that the world is not against you. And women having an exclusive area in a gym is not a prejudice against men. It's for someone to improve their health and life.
You can come back like a cry baby and complain that women are slefish and should stay at home when equal pay for them is sorted.

Your an absolute shambles. You bring shame to men"
He should just get taller like Cbum magically did.
Take my up vote for your edit lmfao
"Looked solid, crispy. arms/shoulders/back need to be improved but good."
Why is everyone hard
"Bruh you’re kidding me right? YES THIS MANS DELTS ARE SO FUCKING ENORMOUS BECAUSE HE PINNED EVERY SQUARE MM ATLEAST 1,000 TIMES TO BUILD UP SCAR TISSUE. Jesus christ i’m out"
He blocked me for giving him shit about re using photos like they were new.
"If you want to take steroids just order some test and start pinning your ""trt"". Wishing to have quality of life, muscle building capacity, and limbido go into the dumpster so you can maybe get a script if you can find a decent doctor seems   strange to me."
"Pick it up

Look at it

Toss that shit across the room

Go to bed"
Ive never seen someone get so angry so quickly over nothing
jokes aside i legit thought that was a meme until he said it the other day
Weak pose . Maybe lat spread?
That bar really is a godsend.
Dedi-cayshun. Nice job
I thoroughly enjoy them
"Money isn’t the source of bad, money is just a way to show what you’ve done for your fellow man creating goods and services, so you can obtain your own goods and services.

Money *for the sake of money* is the source of some pretty egregious bad though."
"Thanks bro, will give it a blast on Friday"
"What should be my ideal goal? I'm really skinny, So clean bulk certainly won't be an option for me. I'm usually think gaining 2kg a month would work for me with some fat gain.

P.S. 20 kg in 10 month is rough estimate. I want to be in a range of 78 to 83 kg."
Yep! That’s exactly why I asked that.
"I mean yeah id fuck her, but shes a pretty average lookin chick to me"
Cause to me it a sign my core stronger than it was yesterday I’m happy I’m making progress
"I’m glad it’s a lot less douchey than the busy days years ago, but I kinda miss the thousands of comments"
Arnold had some juicy tits
The problem is if you plan around only that excess then find out you need to take a 15 minute walk youve fucked it up. Might as well go over that margin and gain the muscle and potentially some fat.
Best one I’ve heard yet
The guy on the right? Ok! Yup he is natty.
The vaccine didn't hurt acutely but holy fuck my shoulder has never been so sore
"Then I wish you the best! You know what you gotta do. Also, worst case scenario, you do this one and it doesn’t work out.. and you’re still in a good position to bring something a little sharper."
I think 2 is pretty good. The rest were whatever
Yeah I was going to say that kind of pose is almost more prone to rolls at lower bodyfats just from skin folding over
"Idk man, not the cosmetic effect I'm aiming for."
Cheers!
You can’t stay on top forever 🤷🏼‍♀️
"There are teenagers in my gym that look like they've never touched a barbell in their life who are on gear.

There's a 19 year old PT here who recently hopped on anavar. He trains other people. Asked him how he was finding his cycle, where he got his blood work done, how he manages his test/estrogen or what the fuck ever since I know fuck all about gear really but take an interest. He didn't know what the fuck I meant and says he just puts a few drops of it in his water a few times a week. Jesus."
"Nice, what's your go to stack? Gear stack, specifically?"
Yep less than a week into prep! I’m now just under 15 weeks out from a regional show but planning for a national show if all goes well
"Quad striations are crazy

Fucking sick, mate"
No. I fucking get it. I know what it's like to not have the motivation to be productive. I know what its like to not leave your house for weeks and I know how hard it is to get back on track. Im not trying to be a dick but if you can order a bunch of frozen meals to your house and throw them in the microwave you can order some chicken breast and throw them in the oven. Youre obviously passionate about fitness and proper nutrition so take that first step and do something simple that makes you feel good.
"Yeah I get that, but I just want to continue doing this without enhancements but still being able to pass drug tests to do so competitively"
What do you expect when you juice and abuse your body? We all share the same sized heart
"Imagine being one of those insecure simps that write those ""clearly on juice"" comments, just to feel better. Its not ""definitely/clearly"" its ""maybe"" 

Dont act like your able to spot if someone is natty or not through a picture with a pump and good lighting. Thats pathetic."
No idea. Mom got it from some Greek place in town.
Yes at some point i will take anabolics to exceed my genetic limit . Might be my opinion but i dont think that you can truly be a bodybuilder without drugs . Can you look fucking amazing ? Absolutely but competitively being at 5-6%bodyfat only looks good (in my opinion) when on drugs . Still i think one should get the majority of there natural gains so that they dont need 3g of tren to get bigger . If your genetic limit is 170lbs at 5%bodyfat . Maybe get to 160-165lbs at 5%bodyfat And then take drug . If you start at 140lbs then what the hell are you gonna do to pass 200?
Yeah mine can do flat Incline and decline. Its just the leg attachments that I wish I'd spent the extra £50 on
U know ur in a good flow with the bulk when the bigorexia starts to intensify
"I'm still friends with most of my ex's. It can be a little awkward at first sometimes but it just becomes normal after a while and everyone continues to be friends. It helps if you were friends before getting together, of course, but yknow."
"SEE YOUH AHT THA PARTY, RICHTER!"
Oh wow. An awesome set of hair too. Hi daddy 👅
"Wow, never thought about how the champions league song works so well with posing routines."
do you work your lats out? id recommend hitting those pretty hard
Do you think its better to do your hack squats with or without a reverse band? (To balance out the resistance curve).
Mental problems
"The problem with Ramy has always been consistency, last year he came in 100%, but other years he just didn't have the conditioning he needed. If he comes in diced again this year then we may have a whole new Ramy on our hands, but it is too early to tell."
"Yeah I didn't exactly explicitly state what's goin on now, but my natural test levels are certainly in the gutter."
"Sorry you're going through that bud.  Least you'll get to refeed after this haha

I swear bodybuilders need to take a servsafe course. I lived with a guy for two years he had food poisoning at least 4 times."
"No, but I can try, thanks!"
Jesus Christ lol
That sounds awesome. Where are you going to be posting these?
"Damn, doc told me to take next 2 weeks of gym and to eat significantly less because of my stomach problems lately. In the middle of my best bulk too like bro at least let me do arms or shoulders or something"
Who's gonna play you in the movie?
Lmao thank you for this
"Yes longterm aswell, just look at the % return,, bitcoin completely dwarfs any passive index fund or whatever it is over 10 years."
Nova scotias be hitting pretty well tho
"Received some fantastic criticism last time about my weak points, so I definitely want to review them and also ask about specific recommendations on lifts/routines that you all would recommend to help.

Some images:
http://imgur.com/a/ESefBn1

Lats and arms are definitely still the biggest pain point and the hardest to really get a mind-muscle connection, personally. 

Background: 30, powerlifter (for now), natty (for now), weighing 213 to 216 I'm these pictures. 5'9"""
"That looks more like a thermos. I'd want a quick open lid and more volume.

Looks nice for an everyday/hiking bottle though. Don't really see the need for the temperature display. If you added gym features like a clock/stopwatch that could be real cool"
Thx
"Ah the ""carb up on eggs"" guy. Truly gifted that man"
Ronnie genes I guess and some good mentoring
"Hey I want to check my test levels. 

Can I just ask my doctor to put an order in? 

Has anyone done this before?"
"Think I’ve found my favorite split

CHEST (volume day) —&gt; LEGS (heavy day) —&gt; SHOULDERS —&gt; BACK —&gt; CHEST( heavy day) —&gt; LEGS (athletic day)"
"Ah the old dirty bulk without counting calories. I made the same mistake a couple of times and I'll probably do it again.

Sadly if you've been overweight before the dirty bulk usually turns out to be the ""get fat"" bulk.

The sensible route would be at least to monitor your weight weekly and check that you are not gaining faster than you should because it'll be just extra fat."
Made my jaw drop.
I feel your struggle. I've had a nicki minaj ass ever since I was 11 or 12 lol. I think I'd rather take the calves.
Wtf is this
Yeah idec about the PMMA shit he fucked his arms up with that man was putting in an obsessive sick amount of work. Dude would literally make an hour long YouTube video from day until night almost daily as well lmfao it’s no wonder 5% was successful despite just being another supp brand
"Dips are bad for your shoulders. Have fun when you're old and can't lift your shoulders above your head. Remember when you're old and injured ""I told you so."""
"Nah, I would rather just have the full dense look while still retaining abs for the honeymoon that 13-14% body fat offers. I want my cut to be over in time for me to fill back up to those numbers"
Crazy how small he looks compared to Ramy but he’s peeled like no other
"So sorry to hear that. We lost one of our cats (RIP the Mad Scientist) last year to cancer as well.  
  
Give him lots of pets 😭"
"&gt; I get lucky with photos and do look real good and I think that's what makes all those guys look so good just good photography.

That is what bodybuilding is, don't get me wrong a lot of us look great but when you pose it's more about squeezing muscles in certain ways to make the aesthetics look the most visually appealing to the viewer.  Even Arnold walked around with his gut sucked in all the time."
Sad to see a xfm being cringe
"Good physique, you'll look insane when you pack on more size. You'll also look bigger if you did shave like you suggested"
"Lmao that’s awesome.

I’ll add that those 5-6” were from natural to enhanced though so might take you a bit longer."
"Been thinking about paying for an fitness program from either Noel Deyzel (if he restocks) or Joesthetics's training plan which contains both personalized training and diet plans. I'm wondering if anyone has any experience with these types of things?. Being 15 I find it very hard to find time to think about meals etc. So I really think these could help a lot. Especially Noel's he's a really big role model for me and he really does motivate me to do better. And Joe has the most likable personality of any fitness influencer out there. It would feel great to be training along side my idols. 

Any thoughts or opinions on these sort of things please let me know ❤️"
Perfect
Wrong sub
gelatin too? God damn boy just drink ur coffee
"Everyone here wishing they looked like this at 16. Hell im 30 and not even close to this lmao. 

GL out there."
"Thanks bro! I appreciate the support. I still have a bit of body dismorphia which sucks, I always see myself as fat and have a phobia of gaining fat. But I know it’s in my head (I hope?) lol. I measure as accurately as possible and believe I’m at 9-10%bf, but I see lots of guys posting pics where they’re like 15-20%bf saying they’re 10% and it makes me stress out wondering how off I am. But thanks man"
I’m just gonna stop the jerking for a while
Lookin like a muppet
Upper chest? Im guessing you want to see that seperation on your side chest? You’ll have to lose more weight if thats the case to see it better.
"Thanks man, quietly been grinding and good to finally see what was under the fluff.

Yeah that sounds like a good approach, agree i need a lot in the upper body especially to even think about nationals. Competing would spotlight my weaknesses vs the amateur competition in the UK (which i think is strong so will be motivating as hell to grow) so would be helpful.

Thanks for your input mate, most skip to criticism rather than helping with the question haha."
Anal. Thank me later.
"Sure, they're usually so thoroughly coated in spray tan it's not that noticeable. Bumstead has a forearm tattoo from memory? Just looks slightly darker when he's on stage"
I enjoy real estate as an investment.  My next purchase is probably gonna be some farm land because it's a zero-maintenance rental property that I can eventually build a house on.
"i wish i was good at valorant. 

for some reason, after 2 games, i’m mentally drained and don’t want to play anymore"
"Larry wheels isn't qualified to be giving ANY ADVICE after allowing dude to rip his pec. He should have seen that coming a mile away

Edit: spelling"
"All that stuff is bullshit, none of that is gonna strengthen other muscles around the torn rotator cuff, which is most likely what you actually need."
"You are looking great girl! Since you are 5 weeks out, the best thing you can do is PERFECT your posing to hide your weak areas and create a symmetrical physique. You will need to work on adding more muscle to your delts, glutes and calves in your off season. 

I’m guessing you’re doing bikini? It’s all about the X frame. If you don’t already have one, find a great posing coach. It’s really getting to that crunch time. You need to work on your lower back flexibility and never drop your glutes on stage. There are girls, especially novice bikini, that take 1st place because they know how to pose on stage, they exude confidence, don’t look nervous on stage &amp; come in with a great package (hair, make up, bikini, flawless tan). Best of luck!"
"okay thanks. i want to go twice a day, however im worried that it will hurt more than help. Will watch that video."
But fold them inside out. So it looks like you were nice but really just annoyed
Lmao at the people downvoting me for being right
"&gt; I feel like I'm being laughed at in the gym when I try and bench press or do an inclined bench press.

this is your insecurity speaking. nobody gives a fuck about you in the gym, they have more important things to care about like themselves and their own workout. if you cant do the bar, do dumbbells. if you can do the bar, work on that and add 2.5kg a side each time, not 5kg."
Good. Pro tan is better. They’ll do your face and they should be back stage fixing tans before you go on. You shouldn’t have to do any of that yourself.
"Yeah, people saying it’s fat haven’t seen this pic. I hate to be this guy but youve been hit with the cursed waist genetics. I would know, I have them too lmao. But yeah it’s the size of the actual bone, not much you can do unless you’re considering black market Belarusian hip filing surgery. 

As the other guys have said training lats help to fill out the space above the curve but you’re not gonna get the V shape. Our best hope is the l l shape. 

There are people like terry crews who have wide hips and you can see that he just can’t get the V shape despite having an insane amount of muscle, being shredded and not natty."
Too funny
Dude looks like a modern day Mike Mentzer
"yo. congrats on being fucking strong as fuck. but my guy, at that weight you need to lift more safely. please get a spot if you can't confidently rep it more than 5 times, especially for weights above 250. That shit can really screw up your innards."
"&gt;not wanting to overcome your shitty frame with copious amounts of muscle 

Why live? Why draw another breath?"
"XS Sports nutrition has a really good one. It stimmed me up a little too much, but it's good."
pun intended I hope
"Stop comparing the other women to her and just enjoy yourself. Thinking about the past will always hurt you, no matter what you're thinking about, so just enjoy your present and fuck the past.

Well thats from my experience at least, but I hope it helps you man."
You’re a bad ass! I’m rooting for you!!! Keep it up. You’ve inspired me to get back to the gym
Im wonder how strong his punch is ?
RIP my cut.
The less sleep you would get isn’t worth the extra meal . I would just combine it with the 5th meal. Or not eat it at all or distribute it evenly through out your other 5 meals the calories.
"Amazing, you’re built like Baki the Grappler. If you don’t know who that is look him up, great physique especially the shoulders"
"Looking absolutely Stacy, do you like me? Yes     No      Maybe’d"
"I will definitely check that out, thanks nut"
"Shoulders are perfect IMO, make the chest and arms flow and look so much better (and Classic!). Killer physique man."
Because you love yourself?
^ Dude from the stage just fucked guy's girlfriend.
Wrong sub…
"This is true, quite the downgrade. Really though it's hard to believe how real muscle memory is, i haven't benched over 135 since i was 16. 23 now and it only took a few months."
"Just do methamphetamine, cut out the middle man."
"Ah gotcha. I like doing heavy rack pulls to really destroy my glutes, this looks hella painful for lower back lol. Then again, I worry a lot about my lower back"
I use good CBD 3 days a week somewhat before bed and I sleep like  I'm in the womb on those nights.
"Lol just talking “big”, OF COURSE to put on more size they will try to do so.  Everyone else will trying as well.  Lol jeez"
"Yeah I can imagine. Out little dog is the one that kept my girlfriend sane. I always work at work, never WFH. So I was lucky!"
hey be nice now
scary looking dude. fair dues.
Quarantine has been super hard on me. I definitely have a little more weight than I'd like.
"You’d think in subs like brogress, getMotivated, nextFuckingLevel, etc, the people would want to see something impressive. But if it’s *too* impressive, it attacks them directly and they get mad. They’ll either start making excuses, accuse you of doing gear, blame it all on “muh metabolism!!”, or a combination of the 3."
"Good point, Thank you."
"For me it's simple, Flex had no flaws so 10/10 while Phil had many so he's a 5/10 in comparison. It shows how effed up judging was that he never won Mr.O officially."
"Can you link the cancer reducing study? Sounds counter intuitive when it induced tumor growth in almost all of the rodents at high doses. 

The rat study was of course ridiculous when applied to humans dosage wise. Whole lifespan of the subject at high doses. Still the links to cancer were very strong."
A couple years ago I was able to cut at 2600-2700 calories and lose weight. Just these last few weeks i’ve been cutting at 2400 calories and the scale is barely budging. Anyone else experience this? Very frustrating.
"They may have shitty biceps, but they are symmertical"
"Proper hand hygiene and debridement of wounds for infection control isn’t a wuss thing. It’s proper wound care, if anyone calls you a wuss, slap them."
Lol what is this garbage
"Another great review by the 
Tomn8er, he doesnt get enough credit for his analysis"
Guys this girl at work complimented my calves last night. Have I made it?
"I just tried it. Bot blocked my post said ""cannot post about an injury"" although it's not an injury"
Arnold looks like such a baby face in this 😂
"I’ve always felt like my arms (specifically shoulders) overpower my smol back, agree?

https://i.imgur.com/NiV1ct7.jpg

Before you say it, no I don’t know how to pose at all."
"Alright thanks for the advice man. I can answer some of those questions but youre right I should just start following programs how they are originally made. I gotta say though, theres twice as many pull muscles as there are push.

Do you recommend any PPLs?"
"It gets better over time buddy, the first few weeks are always rough. Whether its sleep, appetite, or even sexual issues, they're inevitable and they're going to suck. Just weather the storm and know it gets better."
frick the awards
I mean give it a try. Yolo?
Squats are superior to leg presses for a total leg workout. It also includes a core workout because you have to stabilize as you go into your squat. I am fairly certain that leg press does not work the quads as well as squats.
I think a breakup was the best thing ever for my gains.
"&gt; train like a bodybuilder

&gt; I am, push pull legs 2x a week

you're following fitness influencer advice not bbing advice lol"
No but it has made me hesitate a couple times
Man people taking shit serious today
It makes music so much better and hyping for me it’s weird
What an awful attention seeking title and post
Look good man
Use super dark tanner it will hide a lot of it. You have a chance if your in good shape. Tattoos doesn’t seem to matter much today IMO
2nd call out :(
"lmao restock for a ""fitness program"" think about that for a sec"
"I doubt that either one is better than the other. I think they have their own advantages/disadvantages so I would just go with the one you like training with better, because if you actually enjoy training with it, you're going to end up training harder, thus better results. Also, if you can afford to get both, just get both!"
"Nice. Great way to keep track and see if what you’re doing as far as how you train and eat is working in accordance with your goal.

Speaking of, keeping working on your legs and just increase how often you workout on your arms. 💪🏾"
"You said ""it doesn't matter if muscle or fat"".

I disagree that extra muscle mass HEAVILY taxes your organs.

It's almost like . . . it's the compounds themselves (liver, kidneys etc).

It's not the mass, it's what they took to obtain that mass."
"Appreciate it. I know my legs grow faster then my upper body. But if you look at old photos, my upper body has came in so much compared to my legs over the last couple years. For sure has been a main focus of mine. You can see my back posted from last week. (My back has been my biggest come up since I started training a year and a half ago)"
Fair enough man haha
"Good fucking morning god damn it

I hope everyone has a great fucking day today

What's everyone crushing today?"
They will probably need symptoms to recommend a test. Tell them you’re tired and having low libido.
"Their material is so sturdy, even straight up acid struggles to destroy it. It gets stuck on the pipes.

A friend who used to throw a lot of them into the bowl got everything stuck in there repressed/thrown back (cant remember the word). His entire bathroom and living room became like sewers."
You most likely stopped growing
"she’s natural 😂

https://reddit.com/r/nattyorjuice/comments/nc1uhc/fake_nattys_be_like/"
It makes him feel better about the virginity rocks shirt.
"""my friend"" lmao"
"That’s the plan, my goal is to gain as much as I can. So taking a solid off season is optimal"
Death by snu snu
Biceps work great with high reps. Don't be afraid to go over 15 too. I do 20+ sometimes but I also don't do a lot of biceps volume since work hits them stupid hard
Looking good 💪💪
He really is lol. He doesn’t know what he’s talking about
Dude was an animal. Loved him in Pumping Iron.
"Damn, sorry to hear!

I'm someone that constantly struggles with sleep, and lately, besides having a little better sleep hygiene, I've been trying a combination that seems to be helping a bit:

* 2 hours or so before going to bed: 185mg magnesium bisglicinate, 300mg KSM-66 ashwaganda.
* Half an hour before bed: same as above plus 200mg l-theanine.

If it's stress related you can also try lavender extract, it has some evidence that it helps in that context."
Seth Feroce's smile is adorable
"Yeah man I feel ya, don't want to get bulky😤 just want to tone up man💪💪, just need tone and visible abs not trying to get all big and look like I'm on steroids 😂"
No
"6'-7"" here so I definitely have some experience here with the long limbs and size.

Your upper body is looking awesome.  Most guys don't know how difficult it is to look ""big"" when you're that tall.  Bodybuilding really favors guys that are shorter than 6'-0"".  At 190 lbs you're definitely already very lean and in 12 weeks I would imagine you're going to have to push to lose those last like 8-10 lbs.

The biggest thing to focus on after the show is size ESPECIALLY in your legs.  I'm 215 lbs and I'm probably the same size as you up top but my legs are bigger.  You've got a crazy amount of potential but go all out on leg day during your bulk and you'll even out your proportions really nicely.

EDIT: Do a bunch of shrugs too.  You have awesome shoulders and getting the traps up would round you out nicely."
At this point I'm pretty sure that if bloods aren't done in the next week or two that you and /u/iSkeezy are literally going to put me in jail
Why does he look like he's having a seizure?
"Calm yourself bloatlord, nautilus training for one, dorian Yates for another."
Bruh you look like jesse eissenberg but hotter
"I went from perfect hairline to Norwood 3 from age 18 to 21. Started fin (and minoxidil). I’m 26 and have the same hair I did at 21, including a few steroid cycles in there. 

Look up the studies on fin. Side effects are extremely rare (sometimes not even statistically significant compared to the control group) and if you get them, they will resolve if you stop taking it. There is almost no risk in trying it. Inb4 someone tells me I’m shilling for big pharma"
"nothing gets me a more sickening pump than leg extension dropsets + kneeling down right after to stretch your quads, feels fucking brutal"
"Oh yeah I know, finally getting a job and still won't be able to afford pc parts :( but I'm excited man! The hardware side of technology has always been a huge passion/interest of mine so getting experience actually making them sounds amazing!"
"I normally warmup doing something low weight high volume before the king lift. In this case, deadlifts"
"Sorry english is not my mother tongue, i guess i meant the pump because i have a shooting tomorrow and am already Training for 3 years."
"I'm gonna drop a controversial opinion

Tall girls are better then short girls"
"np. if he doesnt rerack his weights, tell him not to bother with TG in PB. they warn you if you dont rerack, and then after that theyll cancel your membership."
What are the benefits of Kratom?
NERD!
Lmfao
I misread your username as /u/reuslan and was intrigued for a second lol. (he's a 16-17 year old boy)
"If you find you reach volitional failure before concentric failure, there are a number of techniques you can use to prevent this.

First of all, stay calm. Breathe deep into your gut and brace your core for every rep. 

Secondly, it's not always better to use a mind-muscle connection. If you focus instead on the external physics of the actual movement, rather than the contraction of the target muscle, you will get, on average, more reps."
Remote onto your computer at home and play games
If you like full body go for it. I’d probably ask around here tho for a more well rounded and reasonable full body program lol.
"You're built different in the wrong way get test levels checked asap

competition makes shit interesting bb

*gets trap and shoulder pump screaming at monitor playing league of legends*"
"Is chest separation looked at as a good thing? Obviously too much is a bad thing, but I have similar genetics in the separation department, this dude just kills me in chest size. Just wondering if I eventually step on stage is my chest, which looks similar, going to be an issue?"
Right like I love a nice craft beer or like a seltzer and I also love being able to wake up feeling good and being able to have a good workout. Call me crazy but being able to roll up to the gym feeling good on the weekend with no rush is better than being shitfaced
"Dude is healthy as fuck, in his 40s and has other priorities now. Still successful and knows what's better for him and his future."
"This dude has a sick physique but this is at least the third time he’s rolled up to the sub, announced he was doing an AMA, and then bounced lmao"
"&gt;  Bodybuilders can use PEDs to improve themselves as opposed to recreational drug use where the entire purpose is temporary pleasure.

Eh......

From a purely medical standpoint it could be argued that it's doing more damage than good to the body, and that bodybuilding at a high level is a merely hedonic aesthetic pursuit. 

Let's not kid ourselves - blasting tren and squatting 800 isn't exactly going to do wonders for anyone's health or longevity, it's not exactly swimming and moderate cardio is it..."
Are you serious?
"Thanks, that's exactly what she's doing.

Also if you need any advice through nursing school feel free to message me"
Sitting straight up pretty sure
"Pic 3 does show his lack of mass but I think pic 5 shows why he won, insane shape.
The kid was also conditioned af
Did he deserve the win? Idk, I wasnt there, but I think its understandable at least

EDIT: I would like to add that the fact that he also won mens physique does show that there is something wrong with the way we separate classes in bodybuilding currently
I don't think its a huge deal per se, however, there should be a notable enough difference in what the judges are looking for."
Anyone heard of or used superior mass from Superior14? It has Halal cert so its very appealing to me but I never used it before.. not to be mistaken with serious mass
Coudlnt agree more haha. But with an about 2200 calorie maintenance i still gotta be careful with excess peanut butter for the bulk
I’m loving it so far. I won’t read the spoiler part for now just in case
What the hell is wrong with you people?
You're more like a father figure here &lt;3
"I mean, yeah, you can naturally get down to 4% body fat - but you will lool like a stiff breeze might take your lunch money."
"They’re pretty fucking close. So in what world is it “natty?” Watch Greg Doucette’s videos on them. They’re slightly toned down oral steroids, basically."
"He working damn hard, all the sweats. His shirt is all wet."
"Thank you!!! I’m hoping to make it D1 if a coach will take a chance on me since I’m a pretty raw thrower.


That meet was a really great time and there were a lot of memorable things that happened, what event did you compete in?"
"Years ago I injured my wrist so I ordered a wrist wrap online that was specifically for wrist injuries (it basically held your wrist straight, it was not meant for working out). I would use it on chest days and it really helped. I thought I was going to have to use it forever, but eventually my wrist healed completely and built strength and now I don’t need it anymore. Maybe try that. Also look up proper wrist form, if you’re bending/rolling your wrist you are more prone to injury and it can definitely hurt someone with a prior wrist injury. 
  
If you’re new to working out then stick to lighter weight until your wrists get accustomed to the extra weight, but if they hurt from push-ups then I’m not sure what the issue is.
  
Also, this is not the proper sub for these questions and some people will probably downvote you. Just so you know. sorry I don’t know the name of the correct sub off the top of my head"
I'm a loser magician bc I can only transport small things like my penis :(
How do you guys start a cut calorie wise? Like if you’re ending a bulk how many calories do you typically drop from that
Yay gj 🥇
"yeah thats what i've been doing, running slow. Makes it a little less suicidal. Thanks."
No hate bro...I suppose u know this u need to work with ur shoulder and lats to decrease that shoulder waist ratio
What is everyone's favorite pump pre-workout? I wanted to try Ghost Pump but it is sold out everywhere.
"Nah lol he's not around much just car to house, house to car. He's a few houses down."
Better than a whole lot of fitness influencers. Look fwd to your ascension
"ty, i’m just pointing out how good walker’s quad and ab separation is"
"Any of you fellas paid for the Trained by JP site? Any reviews would be helpful.

Hard to find legitimate reviews when everyone that talks about it is a JP athlete."
Lmao i just saw that aswell. As a former powerlifter that used to say shit like that i know that that shit comes from a place of insecurity and is honestly quite sad
$130 for 10 days? That feels like robbery
Get in there and work out like a god damn DEMON!
"Yes, you can. You just have to do fewer sets, ever heard of JP, DC, Dorian Yates or Mike Mentzer?

This topic provided zero value to anyone which is why you’re not getting a good response. You’re a newbie trying to teach others what they’re already doing... you say you go to failure on every set when you obviously don’t"
"one is broadly speaking empathetic and the other is more interested in the minutia of fixing a specific thing(s), systems etc.

  both need each other tho!"
Chest. And it's hard to tell from your back pic (you're twisting your torso) but lats too.
Yeah you'll get there. Looking very clean though I've gotta say.
"No buddy they're so similar you could've just been like ""lol it was a typo I missed the space bar"""
Total war was my fave
lookin solid dude! 👍
"Wrong sub homie, read the sub rules…"
"No, he means Piotr Rasputin, as in Colossus"
"The program writer says ab work is useless, not athlean x. But he is still kindof a clown"
it burns in such a good way
"Oh I have no love for Gladys, they're spouting bullshit. But you have to admit they had a bungled response to their lockdown at first."
"Interesting, how long do you do a caffeine break for? I don’t think I’ve missed a day with coffee in like 4 years… might be time"
"I swear I’ve had this cold for the past month or so, if temp or ac is up just a little, I wake up the next day with it worse"
Lmao why did I read all that
"Wrong sub.

Also Holy shit what a question"
"Finally got around to playing Red Dead 2, it’s fun."
Nice work!! You look fantastic 😊
I wouldn’t have tipped her for that smh. She’s at her job. I worked as a server and I would never say that. Management would have been pissed. Unless it was one of those mean restaurants where you go to and they berate you as part of their business model.
Who do you think is the better hybrid classic/open guy? Blessing or Patrick? I got my money on blessing. Patrick's legs suuccckkkkk and he doesn't get enough shit for it.
"Yeah man 100%, shoulders and back have been a priority for a while. And definitely a task for the offseason. Back mostly"
"You're trying way too hard Jesus. Your boi for fucks sake. Nobody is going to find that appealing, it's desperate and pathetic. You need to work on yourself before you're ready for someone."
"Hahaha he was YEETED into outer space 🌌

It's funny because he actually used to compete so he was sitting there critiquing me and giving me advice. But the picture caught him looking completely not enthused lol"
"A god damn chest supported T-bar bar row :( my favourite back movement by far, and this fancy new gym doesn't have it.

At least the leg press and hack squat are way better than in my previous one haha."
Thank you!
I completely agree. Decline bothers my shoulders as well
I appreciate the response man. I'll definitely keep plugging away.
"Worst thing is the low criteria that some people have to think you need help, as soon as you grind a bit or the bar goes slow they come running. Fuck you mate at least wait for the bar to stop to do it haha"
it literally stretches your traps fool
Leave a note between the spinach bags in the freezer.
For real. Like for 99% of them...no your metabolism isn't crashed unless you're getting down to stage level lean and no your insulin sensitivity isn't a problem. So much overthinking it's insane.
Anyones jaw muscles have gotten bigger ? Lol
I have no idea who you are dude.
"Ah, shit. I was an overweight kid so I got real  circumspect with my eating. For about 2 years I ate nothing but chicken rice &amp; protein aka clean. I know her method is ""eat what you want"" more than ""eat a sweet sometimes"". The difference to me has been less anxiety bc it's not really affecting anything for even that week.

What's the situation with you tho? Do you know if it's your self view or what is it exactly that makes you not want to eat/over eat?"
Ok
"&gt;  in a row

Motherfucker I swallow like a god damn CHAMP. My kratom comes in 00 capsules and I can take 14x size 00 capsules in one swallow. No gagging or choking either, just one big SHLURP. BRAD IS THE KING OF SWALLOWING"
"The problem is Mel is CDN. Not only is she facing possible jail time in the US, she is going to be banned from the US for the remainder of her life. Thats the problem."
"No problem you need to train intense, to the point that hurts everytime you raise your hand up. I'd suggest taking 3-5 minutes between each set, and going as heavy as possible while still being able to do the exercise."
Yea exactly thanks😅
The fuck do I care?
"My last squatting session my lower back was getting more of a workout than my legs, I’m assuming this is because I’m folding over a bit too much in the hole and I tend to go too far past parallel. 

[This was 205 for 4 sets of 8](https://imgur.com/a/egAqsDX). I think that was the second or third set.

Any ques/tips to fix this so I don’t hurt myself? Would a wider stance help?"
Yeah I'll help you too hmu
Upchuck in my mouth like I'm a baby bird
dm plz :) don't like him but very curious...
100% agree. Glutes and hammies need more love! My current program has an emphasis on them as an attempt to play catch up. I’m learning to embrace the pain 😀
Good job! Keep it up!
Chul soon has them weird love handles
Better than your mom’s.
Most of these guys look like they don't lift
"I’m not insulting, just telling your bullshit to get the fuck out. We can argue about wether I should be your fitness wingman or not but don’t be an jackass"
"Yeah, regular sweats. They show off your dick better. 


Jokes aside tbh I’ve never found a brand that fits right on a gym body"
Lying Face Pulls
Look fucking insane. Even at very low bf I don’t see many people with those upper thigh muscles separated. Wtf even are those is that the tensor fasciae? Because it’s well befor the gluteus medius
"I admire you, I'm a pretty short guy myself, I've been cutting on 1500 and that has been difficult, lord have mercy. 

I would love to share tips with you. My tip is using meal replacement and adding fruits to it - that can be very filling. 

Do you have anything you want to share?"
Definitely talking to management on Monday.
I struggled with the ending for a while but ultimately came to see it as a good ending. It fits with the broader themes around time / associated sci Fi paradoxes and alludes to the incomprehensible possibilities of the universe. I think a lot of the best films of this type leave you with questions rather than everything being neatly squared away
"Definitely! I wish it was more in the upper body, but I will certainly be working on that in the off-season."
"Thanks, understand that there are the crossovers to allow the muscles to rest, but informs think that it can perhaps limit the amount of force you can output. For example on a push day you could tire out your shoulders on chest exercises, then not be able to perform as well on shoulder exercises, perhaps limiting shoulder growth."
Thanks dude. I haven’t checked my 1rm in about a year. I rep 275 for 10 reps though
He got popular because hes SHREDDED YEAR ROUND (hoards pictures)
"Lol they forgot the most important part, copious amounts of cocaïne."
I woke up hungry :O because I ate at a deficit the day before :O and the three weeks of before that :O.
Thanks!
"No, the vaccine will cause involuntary spasms across your body. I’d recommend taking six months off lifting after getting it due to the various health risks."
I said I was gonna try to find a good recipe in the last DD and everyone’s response was either get rice cakes and imagine they are cookies or nothing low calorie will taste good so yeah😂
nice physique man!
Nice clothes
"That's awesome.

If I see a top pro in the gym I'd usually ask to grab a pic flexing next to them like I did with Jay, Ronnie etc but in this case I'd be afraid how she's make my arms look small lol"
"This is true. The thing is, the last thing on my mind when I'm horny is shopping"
Wrong sub bro…
I was there and it was better
"Political. Yes Arnie is the face of bodybuilding but there was a lot of fucked up things going on during his career. 1975 Serge was banned until the day of the show to fuck his conditioning, 1971 he was the ONLY competitor so he won by default, in 1980 he showed up looking ass and won by default. He was actually disqualified by a judge that show for not hitting proper poses and that judge was immediately taken off the panel and sent home. 4 of the 7 other judges were Arnold’s personal friends! Also, in 1970 they couldn’t decide between him or Sergio so Arnold agreed with Sergio they’d both walk off stage while the decision was made. But Arnold immediately turned back around and pointed to Sergio walking off showing that he “quit” and started posing again and won the show. What a fucking asshole. Also I’ve heard before he asked for black backdrops at shows when competing against black competitors he thought could rival him so he’d pop more but their complexion would fade into the background."
I wish I could have seen DeMayo in person in his prime. He is one of my favorite bodybuilders.
"Has to [ask Reddit what healthy food is ](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/lzi003/which_are_the_foods_that_arehealthy/)

2 months later, this bullshit"
"Holy cow you look good old for 22. Nice physique, thick solid and tight"
Your spinal erectors look like tree trunks.
"+10 strength, especially while benching and curling"
Looking huge man! Good luck at the comp
Based off of a quick google search that shit just looks like carb cycling for millennials.
Good luck bro. Nothin to it but to do it.
curious how much you bench now/ when you were at your peak?
Thanks will work on implementing that.
"this x100 lmao, sometimes i’d like to have a gf again then remember i can’t just fuck off whenever &amp; not do the being a bf part"
Left hand or right hand?
Straight arm cable pulldowns are easily becoming by favorite lat exercise. I can feel the mmc perfectly even on my first warmup set
"Yeah it looks crazy to be honest. I did lift regularly for 6 years before the pandemic. Was pretty ""juicy"" back then too. Probably has something to do with it, with all the extra nuclei and what not."
Is that even healthy?
Thanks! Will- do!
Are brit’s beans sweet or salty?
"That's a more positive spin, I was thinking hearty like a baked potatoes and a steak."
"Wrecking crew is interesting. If I make it out of bed I have more energy, but wow when that alarm goes off before the sun is up it feels terrible."
His lat proportions are so fucked
Love your comprehension skills mate
Yeah dude I’m loving it
An all beef hotdog fresh off the rollers at Quik-Trip hits differently after a heavy deadlift workout
"What the fuck, there were 16 vials in total in the pack and you think she's ordering for the whole revive team lmao"
"Damn, dude!"
Eddie's built like a short guy who got scaled up by 20%
I guess that’s one of the benefits of being an ectomorph
"Yeah, that sucks with being balanced. Gotta add all over! Well done"
"Yeah you’re absolutely right! I was just messing with you.

Dieting is hard! Like you said, don’t get down on yourself. Use those extra calories for your back day"
lmao
Fuck yea Bob Paris is top tier Aesthetics while looking Athletic at the same time
"www.spectrelabs.org
Third party testing report provided by MZ Biolabs 
1635 E 18th St Tuscon, AZ 85719
https://spectrelabs.org/lab-test"
"Yep, and good mornings!"
Deadlifts are one of the best full body exercises there is. Try supersetting with pull-ups to reach full muscle exhaustion.
Got my shot today but have a feeling it's still going to be sore tomorrow. I'll update again if I remember
"Yeah, everyone has a different percentage they like to quote about how much diet plays a part into abs which is conveniently why they never have to train them. I may not be a BB legend or even anywhere close, but I'm going to tell you why that's bullshit:

- you should be following a decent diet ANYWAY. It's not like anyone taking their physique seriously is going to say ""I can eat garbage because I did some crunches so we'll call it even."" Naw. Is diet a major part of it? Absolutely, but your diet is a major part of your physique in general. I'm not giving up pizza and fried chicken solely on the basis of my abs.

- your core and everything it consists of is a muscle much the same as anything else, and people really notice a well-defined core. Nobody takes that same attitude about another group. ""Well if I just diet I don't have to work the tris because they'll get worked through compound exercises."" Sounds absurd, right? Because it is.

But I suppose if I had to pick just one exercise, I'm partial to reverse crunches. Lower abs are a problem for many people, myself included. Your upper abs and obliques will receive SOME work over the course of your day-to-day as a stabilizer and accessory, but it's the lower abs that usually get left out."
Oh no
If you die you die with the sickest of the pumps
if she brings up ur loss you reply with a photo of you holding a participation trophy. 4D chess
"Then who wins? 

Also, which one do you have to tell people first in any situation? That you’re vegan, or do CrossFit."
Glad to see they’re still using the same 40 year old cameras from the golden age
"Just lol at some of the galaxy brain takes in the comment section. Nick does the Olympia SO much good, with his constant promotion of the sport. The Olympia is fucking out of touch with its audience."
My dad got a new F350 Super Duty and that thing has an unreal amount of torque. Just don’t get one of the ones with the front wheels that fall off.
Upper lower
Nope I am good with my own strength and I love my sex life and the test my own body produces thank you.
Yeah but this guy has zero striations and he’s probably pumped up for this pic too. The only vein showing in his full physique is his bicep vein which I could get to show at even 15%. He would be lucky to be at 10%. He knows he’s full of shit
Seated or laying? Doing a shit ton of warmup sets with slow movement is the only way I get enough blood in them to feel it on my heavier sets.
I mean I do too but it doesn’t stop from my old man bothering me
What about the diet exactly is so bad?  I would think they're eating mostly low fat (fish and chicken or whey based protien powders).
I thought Ramys problem was he was pumping up his legs?
"That one is really good too but I usually don’t get isolates anymore because I use my protein powder for pancakes, oatmeal, and protein icecream and I find it mixes way too thin"
"I'm confused, aren't you describing a full body A/B split?"
"lmao we have mutliple amazing gyms here, dude just doesnt know how to look. 24 hour fitness probably isnt 24 hours anymore unless they swapped back. Sterns ive heard is great. if hes into powerlifting cali elite training center is the place to be. i believe boulevard fitness is good still. but obviously the gym i go to is the best in the west. The Gym in pacific beach. theres a reason sergio oliva jr, eddie bracamontes, dani younan, breon ansley, and more all work out here. there is other locations of TG but they are different owners but their locations are all great. if hes into bodybuilding, TG or sterns are the only places id bother."
She's got better calves at 100lbs than most people do at 200.
"Organ/heart damage from COVID-19 is significantly more likely than anything from the vaccine.

Also. 27 and myself and everyone I know in your age range had 0 side effects"
Jesus. First thing after that vid I’d be like bro lower the weights we got problems to sort. Not sure what injuries this can cause but hope you recover soon.
Dude you look insane
Thanks bro!
Yes!!!  I'm glad someone else remembers that old school movie!
"Walking = casual, low level, not very long/far. Hiking  = up a mountain, boots and backpack etc. In my opinion.  


[Lake district is lovely though](https://imgur.com/gallery/O2L1Gv9) yep"
"That's fucking rad. That's hard to believe how much development you saw in that timeframe. Are we allowed to ask if any PEDs were used? Hope that's not offensive, just wanna know if this is a natural physique or enhanced"
Yeah idk I would wanted to win overall but that is for the advice
Yeah OK what sort of body fat should I start bulking at if I start cutting?
*Cardio good idea to lose weight?*
Imagine thinking this subreddit is a good place to get advice on prescription drugs
Better or more iconic ???
He's got the legs of a damn classic competitor
It means why you hating?
Will try that thanks
"Nick smoked everyone and Blessing thought he had a chance against him, lmao."
The head of the dude on the left looks like it was photoshopped or something lol
Interesting training talk on doing PPL until you've got a large base then switching to pro split
Lmao classic physique is already getting too big
Yeah. With most movements involving your shoulders you want a rhythm with your humerus and your scapula. You protract at the bottom and retract at the top
I bet they broke up because he ate all the tendies bitch.
"I'm sure you know that getting drunk will just end up with ""now i broke my sobriety streak and i got dumped"". You'll probably just be sitting around drunk wishing you were sober."
breaking up over 40 dollars? lmao
expecting to gain 20lbs of tissue and be stage lean in 6 months? give me that weed bro
Perfect!
For sure. If you’re in the US privateMD labs is a good place to order bloods or if you just wanted to look at some tests.
"Me too. People just go thru cycles of hate. They used to like him, in about two years, he'll be all the rage again, yaddayadda.

&amp;#x200B;

He's the best for BB news. Ivan is great, also, but if you can't handle that Slavic accent..."
Sorry yeah that’s what I meant to say
And also oof at being the resident sweet tooth... Because it's reflective of my diet currently so I know it's true
"Black low top gum authentic Vans. $50 bucks, flat sole, and they look dope as fuck"
Aww shit Dr Disrespect's book is available. Can't wait to start reading it provided I don't die from barbell squats in a few.
Depends on how dirty the carpet is. The more time spent running around the house the more calories you'll burn.
"Double dipping for some nerd shit: anyone here behind CGNAT and what have you done to get around it? The apartment I'm working out of where all of my work and personal computer shit is in is behind CGNAT and so I can't access my OpenVPN server any more (obviously, due to the double NAT) and am looking at some options (VPS? AWS + ngrok? IDK...)."
Ill bet you have a nice smile
Yes
Stop oppressing me!
"Dude you're doing it wrong. You've got to put it in a dog bowl, get down on all fours and lap that stuff up."
"Damn bro, DM me"
No Form but Hardwork lol
Oh okay. What’s karma and how do I raise it?
"Role play idea. I’ll be myself and you’ll be my poor, pathetic hammies that I am beating, pulverizing, penetrating, and dominating right now"
"Size aside, you're a very good looking man! You give me positive vibes. Have a nice day"
"&gt; people who are going HURR HURR 2020 SUX literally didn't get covid, didn't lose their job, *didn't suffer any real negative consequence*, they're just complaining

I wouldn't consider you to fall into this category"
Looking good!
Yes it was
"Lucky man, lucky man"
"Yeah, he is. But the only comparison shots we have are far away and not front facing. For all we know, he could've been the least conditioned guy there. Only the people at the show and the judges really know."
100% breaking bad if you haven't seen it
Thanks brother it is a scare for sure but I love it. Just trying to be as safe as possible but there is risk with everything in life
"Thank you man for the response

&amp;#x200B;

I do the slight incline variation for my upper chest, and for whatever reason the slight decline feels even worse for my chest than a regular flat lol

&amp;#x200B;

I'm gonna try doing this method by Athleanx tomorrow, hopefully it works 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=79&amp;v=SHsUIZiNdeY&amp;feature=youtu.be"
I like the way your ass jiggles when you walk backwards babe
Back to basics huh... like really basic wow
Shit for quality training too
"Played tennis in the afternoon yesterday with no problem.

Tries to jog to get a ball after end of game, hurt my knee. Fml."
Much appreciated homie 💪🏽
"It's not insertions, it's muscle bellies like the person you replied to said.

Anatomy 101"
"And that’s a big problem with our society. People that refuse to weigh both the positive &amp; negative, refusing to look at an opposing side because it doesn’t check your box. 

Weighing only the negative is a mob-like mentality to have. People that like to be educated on a topic will look at both sides. 

In my essay I’m not dick riding Guy, I’m also critical."
Don’t you worry. I’ll be bringing my legs up to speed real soon. I’m barely getting started 😏
"First of all thanks for the reply.

1) Yes this is not my actual split, I simply put it into these PPL groups for a better overview. In reality I'm mixing these into 3 ""full body"" exercises.

3) Thanks for pointing out calves &amp; abs (although who gives a shit about abs). Also I've already been considering RDL :)

3) I'm not sure about the triceps, quads &amp; hammy thing tho. I believe in heavy compund exercises and I've seen beginner program with pretty much only the big 5. In addition, I'd rather stick to about 4 exercises per workout and go heavy on these (be in &amp; out of the gym within 40 mins). Would you say I need more than 1 triceps exercise per 12 exercises tho (I do have dips atm.)?"
"I don't see this as a barrier to entry. I see it as a business opportunity to unify the entire industry into agreeing upon a single standard serving size by creating your re-useable scoop.

Create the demand and the industry will follow.  Create your own protein which relies on your scoop being a single serving. Once we have our re-useable scoop, we have no need to ever buy another powder until they conform to your demands. It's brilliant."
"gotta confuse the muscles, right babe ?"
"Get a 1911 in 10mm, so much fun"
Yeah man. Makes me sad to see he relapsed again. Im always so hopeful for him and then he just slips up and its awful. His reasoning to why it happened this time makes sense though.
Thank you!
Koreans are one of the unsung genetic freak people
"I’ll never tell you my secret

Edit: fine I was just REALLY excited to be there"
"James Hollingshead IG hacked don’t click those links, saw this happen to Logan Guthrie not too long ago too"
"Sounds like a good plan!
Goodluck champ"
A good cut on a little test cycle and you’ll be rocking boy!
Yeah this guys an absolute joke. I’ve seen his insta too and it’s just full of lies saying “imagine if I was on gear”. Absolute dick head lmao.
He's on the creatine!
"Yeah great progress... you look beach bikini ready on the right, but I’m not sure about competition ready. Most women would dream of having your current shape, but I’ll wager you need to up the strength training and hone in on the diet."
Greg doucette made a video warning him of how shredded he was 3 weeks out but he responded with something along the lines of 'i appreciate the advice but it doesnt look that nutty in real life and i have a long way to go'
"You're not wrong, but you're still a dick"
She says 5'9''. About 175cm. Definitely on the taller side for competitors. Legs and glutes def impressive for first time around given that.
They all do recreational drugs like amphetamine and cocaine (Chad Nichols procotol) in order to be able to pose and remain conscious when so depleted. Guys are on deaths doorstep.
Winning the Ms O as a natty athlete is a huge accomplishment. I mean props to her.
Figure 😁 and wow!
No shit jackass it’s a fucking comparison. Guys dropping ten more lbs before he steps on stage 6’1 weight cap is 230 for the olympia at his height. Cbums been on stage as a pro at 215 idiot. Jump on someone else.
"hypertrophy training doubt. Which one is better?   


Add weight but cut down on reps (for example, 2x12x50kg/ 1x10x55kg/1x8x60kg)  


or  


sustain weights to sustain reps? (for example 4x12x50kg)"
Ok Thank you i will defiantly take a better pic. My Gym partner passed away so im asking reddit :)
"no doubt. my old man was fdny and he would always tell me of those late night jobs that kicked his ass lol. He also enjoyed getting to work out in his house's gym during his shifts though, so i guess its got its pros and cons! either way (cliche i know) if you want it bad enough you'll make it work. Ronnie Coleman was a full time cop while winning olympias left and right so its deff doable. best of luck brotha!"
I really hope you don't join busted back gang. There's a few of us in the DD who are regulars. At least you didn't injure a disc.
"I m on a cutting phase right now, clean good diet. Don’t know if it’s a “bodybuilding” diet"
"Alright I am going to drop some weight, maybe it works on the torso rotation. I haven't tried that yet.

I already tried doing lower weight on the woodchopper cable though. The minimum possible weight is 5kg, which literally feels nothing, same with 10kg and 15kg. 25kg I can do around 25 rep without feeling like my posture suffers. With 30kg my posture suffers and I can't do it properly. Point is with woodchopper it really feels like doing low reps is impossible.

Any tips on how to ""feel"" when I am actually hitting my obliques, not other body parts or is it something that can't really be explained?"
Height is a huge factor here
You better not be the next Greg douche when you turn 40 and talk about your god tier genetics when you were 15
Original or honey nut?
Triceps are easier to flex without looking like you're flexing
Wrong sub try r/askgaybros
"Instructions unclear, can I put the barbell down yet?"
The dream would be I'd still be lifting in my 70s and look like I'm in my early 50s
"Lmao bro? I go on opposing political subreddits to my views all the time, arguing my side and getting downvoted. Idgaf, but when someone is objectively full of shit, like literally no basis for their arguments, it's fun to see them get downvoted."
What’s the supplements to help with lower back pumps and the dosage? Taurine and something else right? And does taking it ruin your normal pump?
you eat tuna everyday? i am scared to get mercury lol
Not necessarily metal but I really recommend a band called Skald.
"Most disgusting ones I've ever experienced were from doing the adductor machine, hadn't touched it for years. Wanted to die the next two days haha"
Thanks! Gonna be practicing my eye smiles since it's perma mask mode for now where I'm at.
"Yes, training when sick is fucking dumb."
"I know you copy/pasted it, but I really like to think that you typed this all out by hand in an adderall-and-monster-fueled tweaker incident."
Woah dude. You’re crazy!
"You look great, keep doing what you are doing."
"I had to do this twice, I needed better mind-muscle connection and leg drive each lift but now I’m hitting 95lbs for 4x"
It’s not painful or anything just annoying lol. It finally went away on its own but I’ll try that out if it happens again.
Hopefully that recent bust of supplies won't affect the final weeks of his prep. Dude looks incredible.
"Congrats man that’s awesome! Fiancé and I have a house that started as a rental and now we’re moving in, it’s gone up more than 100k in a year and a half"
knew a guy that had a conspiracy theory that kids these days are maturing at a younger age &amp; overall growing more bc of all the gh being pumped into factory animals &amp; gmos
"He regularly jokes about giving his son tren shakes, it's kind of hilarious"
Oh hell yeah
Eat wishes and keep being confident.  You got this!
Conventional way is to waste 1-3 years strength training(1-5rep range) when your goal is hypertrophy. Youre ahead of the curve by a lot.
"Thank you, I can see the app now. Will try it further to see how it works."
Yeah you're telling me..
"Posing needs a-lot of work, don’t neglect it, you putting effort with everything else so focus on posing it will make or break you on stage. Atleast 15min of hard posing a day, have your coach facetime you as you pose if you have one, if not watch videos john meadows has some
Good posing vids on youtube"
"Yeah but I think what he’s saying is that Anthony has been running a ROAD TO (youngest) PRO on his YT since he started competing at all. It’s the journey not the destination man, obv building his following and doing a good job of it too tho"
What do you like about it? Do you use just regular table salt?
"You really don’t have to worry too much about spending too much money when you’re starting out. Focus on the basics: train hard with good form, lift more, eat more. Food can cheap: jasmine rice, chicken, tuna, eggs and veggies. 
Bodybuilding is a lot about trial and error and finding what works best for you - it never starts off perfect. Maybe something you want to start working on that might have been neglected in powerlifting is establishing a good Mind Muscle Connection?"
"we can agree to disagree

yes, they show him in his old apt to show what his life was like

but is that the way his life currently is? rich. successful. millions of followers. own companies. private gym.

they were selling us on a false narrative to get you to think he is an underdog — when in reality he is a less successful Phil Heath"
Buy what? Like a gym membership? It's nice but you can do push-ups and wall sits and situps at your house without those.
"Hey man, if it makes you feel any better, when I was 23 I dated a 38 year old for several months. Going into it I thought the same thing, “she’s older, less likely to play games or be insane.”

Then she tried to make me cut off contact entirely with my best friend because she was female, fought me any time I wanted to do anything at all without her (even visiting my mother,) and punched me in the mouth and again in the head while I was driving. So like. Age isn’t a good indication of a persons maturity.

Oh and as far as sex goes, age doesn’t mean more experience or better performance either."
"Having some accutane on hand can be handy if you get acne from high E but aren’t taking an anti e. Low dose works well a few times a week, dries out the skin fast and clears any major acne outbreaks."
"Thanks dude, really appreciate that. Definitely a long journey, but I've learned a lot!"
No
The vaccine has killed.
I hope so.  I don't think I put this much work into something and I feel like I still have so much more work to do
"That’s crazy conditioning and I have MAD respect for Dexter, but it looks like a card board cut out from his pecs down just because of how much tanning lotion he has"
If everything is optimised then yes. However it all depends on numbers gen health and risk factors. Which is best d/w health care professional.
"What’s so wrong with wanting people to be healthy both mentally and physically? People posting pics like this affects other. Tons of guys develop eating disorders because they «never get big enough». People can get serious side effects from steroids and fuck up their health, even die… but if u just do it the right way u’ll be fine right? I don’t think so. And people tend to forget that it is illegal"
Dam bro you like nice!
Social awkwardness strikes again! Shit sucks but at least you have an awareness of it
"Yeah, you're basically training fasted. 46c and 13p won't carry you that far."
"This. Sure, it's everyones own body and they can do whatever they want, but people don't understand that you can even fuck up your brain permanently if you go on TREN etc. too young - and many times just because of them being impatient. Most look like what hard working natties look like, or even way worse. Lots of examples of people hopping on gear without having too much experience lifting, and then they get surprised that oh damn, the gear doesn't actually lift the weights for them or that you still have to be on a deficit to lose weight."
"At the risk of beating a dead horse, all of the comments saying you need to put on a substantial amount of size to be competitive are correct. May be something you want to consider more. 

To answer your question re:posing, Yes. I can’t imagine stepping on stage without a posing coach, but I have certainly seen guys that have done it and they often look ridiculous comparatively."
"Right. Most guys who are in shape *look* like they're on juice, and are on juice. Like Chris Hemsworth and Chris Evans arent very big, but they're both on gear when they do the Marvel movies. 

Do you mean Mass Monsters? Almost any dude that's lean with 17"" arms are gonna be on something. Obvious there are outliers."
yes from a compounding pharmacy
"I would've been nervous too, she's basically a celebrity around here!"
"Cutting is generally the answer when you're skinny fat. Will be able to bulk for longer after it, and you may gain some muscle during the cut, so it's a win-win."
"Your belly gonna thank me, too 🤣"
Thank you
"I dunno, Jay still looks great"
"&gt; let the coach male you

Not sure what this means and I'm not sure that I want to know."
"Nice pics, OP!

And good on you - you're holding you're own in these pictures with the pros!"
Dude must be mentally unstable
That’s awesome! Good luck!
"Man, Its crazy how just 2 years ago I was obese and lazy. I am extremely glad I got into this lifestyle and excited to see how it developes me in the future."
"I will for sure focus on slow poses my next go, and get the judges feedback on both. Terrance Ruffin was the guest poser at my show, and he was smashing through his poses, while having slow, smooth, transitions."
That's a sub about instruments. It's safe to click!
Personally I hope he doesn’t compete just because I’d worry he’ll Callum the shit out of his debut.
"No, moths here in Australia can be huge and if there is movement near them they fly at you."
You look good bro! You’ll be easy to find backstage haha
"Ok, u/freshmanlearning55"
My criticism is that hair style. Jk u look good giving me a boner
"I’m 6’7 and have trouble in my back when high bar squatting. 

I train squats for hypertrophy and train using low bar squats as my back feels better.

From research I have found out that high bar squatting is better for hypertrophy gains.

Are these benefits that noticeable? Should I switch to high bar squats? How do I stop having lower back pain when performing high bar squats.

My quad training mainly consists of 2 weekly squat session:
1. 12 Reps by 7
2. 8 Reps by 8"
Never thought of that! Thanks!
Too many levels of humor for me.
"First day back in the gym in like 4 months, been so busy with college and work it’s taken a toll on my mental health and I just completely stopped going but it feels great to finally be motivated enough to be back at it"
Better for what
I love being able to say I'm obese lol.
Well I do appreciate that there may be a silver lining to it. Thanks man.
"Yeah sadly thats kinda crap. Firstly, he said he was at a 13, which is stupid, 10 is the absolute most pain you can be in. Ive been in close to 10 pain, you cant function at that level, but it doesnt sound badass to say 6-8 depending on the day. Id believe he's at 8-9ish when he wakes up or whatever, but he's on heavy painkillers, he's not at that all day. Dude constantly talks in extremes, and i know he's in pain, but i guarantee its just like every aspect of his life."
Nice work dude!!  Looking great!
Yep yep!
Lose more fat
"I don’t take SSRIs but I do take a fuck load of opioids and NSAIDs. Not so much the NSAIDs but the opioids obviously effect mood, balance, strength, etc.

It’s not the best but I am grateful I can do anything. 

I hope you can find a solution that works for you x"
"I was confused looking at the first couple pics, thinking ""did Kai Greene get a haircut?"""
"Yes, that's why I mentioned it bruh bruh."
"Hmm, shit is one topic I think they'd know about."
"Bodyweight, like push ups, pull ups and squats ?"
"Brother went to a frat party last Saturday and surprise, surprise, tested positive for COVID today. I live with him and I’m furious. How could he be so selfish? Not to mention we still live with our mom and she’s Vitamin D deficient so if she gets sick she’ll likely get really sick. I’m just so mad"
"supposed to help you push past the mental barrier of weight being heavy and it also primes your cns. 

Probably does little to nothing for muscle gains"
"I honest to god tought he is 4 days out, and that these are his abs after 6 weeks of cutting and was concerned."
They have been hit and miss with me.  I've had some orders get to me super quick and others take a week.  It's been very inconsistent.
Yes. If you train like an animal it's enough. If you train like a pussy it isn't. I take it you are the latter.
"It's me and thanks man. I figured people would probably think that if they went to my profile. I'm trying to get my karma up on this Crap reddit account so I figured what better than to start posting. Gotta start somewhere right?
My instagram is big.e_89"
What about if you say I'm going to kill myself
Amazing !
Thanks. What a weird thing to say to someone as a sexual comment
That sounds awesome man! Glad you had a great time. I also love taking pictures w friends and whatnot and it’s the best feeling when a picture comes out looking sick. Kill this next week bb :)
"My local anytime fitness is about $45 a month if you’re paying monthly.

$50.25 a month if you’re paying for a full 12 months.

The fuck is the owner smoking? It’s a local shit gym with barely enough equipment."
Sounds like nerve damage
Physique is insane but I can't get over the fact that he's just working out with his shirt hanging around his waist lmao.
"Wrong sub, try one of the bf% subs"
"Damn I've never tried RDLs on the smith machine. You like it more than with BB? 

Ill give it a try next leg day"
The sub is for competitive bodybuilding. There are plenty of other places to post progress pics or talk about starting out
i saw my gym crush on Saturday..as she was leaving and I was reversing..She was exiting the gym took her mask off and smile. We def made eye to eye contact. I hope to you again
"Everyone saying your doctor will agree with her, but I’ve had multiple doctors, a few on the older side, not worry about my creatine. For some reason one of the nurses put it on my medications list in my medical file lol. My endocrinologist even asked me if it helps or not, because it first became popular when he was in college."
Love it. Can’t eat it cos it stays crunchy and shreds the roof of my mouth. But literally like flavor crack when you eat it.
Looking great. Should have added other pictures to better see the difference.
"Agreed on bonac we just saw the same thing happen to rolley, nick is a monster no doubt but we haven't seen him stand with anyone great yet, Sergio is a beast but he must know something isn't quite right to miss the entire season. Iain must know how good he is guy is unreal atm, isn't he training in the same gym as nick atm? Cbum did a video with nick there a few weeks ago."
What do you mean with failure?
That’s like asking what is more important for a baby. Learning how to breathe or learning how to do its taxes
"You gonna make me blush! And yeah, was having my post workout meal while taking a look around here haha."
"Well you finally showed pictures of your cake and I can sleep peacefully at night 🤤 No, but seriously dude keep it up and you‘ll blow them away ;*"
I feel like this is a very un-hot take. Frank's one of the best to ever do it.
Yes.
"Hahaha, Someone get me a sitcom"
And they both placed highly well. But with Shaun looking like the scaled-down version of Ronnie Coleman it was a clear choice.
"Well me and steph were both slowly starving to death despite food choices so the beginning stages of recovery were to completely eliminate restriction and focus on restoring physical health. Once her refeed process ended im pretty sure she started slowly restricting again. Iirc she said her appetite reduced after a while and she didn't feel the need to binge on junk anymore so just ate small snacks when she wanted to.  
Idk what her mental struggles are but I know I'm all sorts of fucked up. I'm anorexic as well as orthorexic so if I had the choice I would eat nothing but a couple chicken breasts per day but also don't want to die next month. Im not really sure what the root of everything is yet but yeah it boils down to self view for pretty much all of us"
Is that a dumbbell in his pocket?
The fake natty is back
Ily bb
Gonna be more than ready
LoL 😂 No! But actually Yes!
"No sorry haha, why?"
"Jesus christ, this is peak feminine beauty and power! I hope you feel as strong as you look"
"Anyone else eat intuitively when on a cut? I just make sure I get my protein in the lowest calorie way possible, after that I just eat a little less than I want to and the weight will steadily drop

Down from 90kg to 81kg over the last two and a bit months"
"I’m obviously cracking a joke, but some folks got triggered here.

Bussy: boy+pussy. Your butthole. 

Live a little."
Height and weight? Looking good man
That is a wild guess as most 'wisdom' shared in the Bodybuilding community.
Yeah but 3rd place in classic novice and getting 2nd in open classic is weird af too
My cycle is something like 200 test e 200 mast e 200dhb and maybe 35mg ment a week that gets me easily to 99kg at 181cm with 6pack idont know the actual bf% who cares lol
"Yes I posted my placements with some stage shots! And thank you! I ate a slice of Chicago style pizza and had 4 plates of Alfredo and spaghetti, then 3 street tacos with chicken and beef and some rice lol, then had a huge triple decker cookie that a friend made for me cause his wife owns a bakery and meal prep place"
Lol perfect example. How bout a lil cancer from baby powder... Wonder what else they say it's perfectly safe but have no idea...
"Idiot Leg Presses 3000 Pounds
https://youtu.be/3zdvy0X_ZL0"
"There’s no way he’s 300 here, I doubt over 270… Kai just likes controversy and trolling to keep his numbers up and stay relevant in the fitness industry. It’s a win for Kai to constantly say he’s gonna compete again or lie about his size, he’s definitely losing respect from some but also getting people to stay tuned in. I personally don’t like Kai like I used to, it’s like cmon dude this is getting old now.."
Nobody is saying OP is going to win lmao
"Wow its warm out, gonna go for a long walk and practice eye contact with joggers if I see any"
Unilateral movements and improve any mobility restrictions you have on the weak side. My left quad is smaller almost solely because that ankle has zero dorsiflexion and there is a bit of an internal rotation restriction on that side. Working on that has helped a good amount.
"&gt; Or an OF premium to his favorite egirl

how about eboys so we can be all inclusive"
Really no idea what  doing in that regards but I'll be working on it
Yeah think he got robbed for the best classic posing award.
you are killing me
"It's insane how fast our bodies adapt. Day 1 of BtM I thought I was going to die from overeating, day 4 I'm nearly done in the afternoon with plenty of room left for carbs and veggies for dinner"
Wow aren’t you a clever one.
"I mean people stopped wearing masks two weeks after gyms opened so ... dunno what you mean by 'nutters'...Meanwhile masks have been effective since the 80's during flu season... alas y'all don't understand viral load and how immune system works.

Most people at the gym are nutters as it is..."
TJ asparagus is inexpensive. I like their seafood mix to go with it.
Idk if u guys ever tried drinking those aloe drinks but they kinda bussin. Tried guava and pomegranate and it’s so good
"The 80s blew chunks. Hard. The early 90s were fun but only bc it was no longer the 80s, and we were all planning to be dead b4 the millennium.

Sadly, many were, if not soon after. I still have no idea how I wasn't one of them."
Why not? If you're going to criticize without even knowing shit then show me yours. I'm not against criticism but make it constructive  :)
Been working out at 4am. Absolutely love it but I need an afternoon nap.
All good bro just had to give ya a hard time. Looking sick though!
Sadik is still like the fucking Beatles at bevs among the young kids
yep.
No but use sarms. It's like steroids but better
Read my post again you dipshit. I'm saying his facial hair and his hair style are distracting from his overall appearance. And if you think that doesn't matter when judging you're a moron who most likely never competed or been to a bodybuilding contest.
I'm no pro so take what I say with a grain of salt but imo I prefer bulking at a 200 cal surplus over 500. Felt like I just gained more fat at +500.
"Fucking amazing
Keep up the awesome work!"
"Yes, John Meadows knows his shit"
"Dude you’re looking sick right now, that’s where I’m trying to get to. What’s your height and weight right now?"
Worst part of the division for me honestly. I literally cant be bothered to even learn the names of the MP poses.
Mike O'Tren giving advice to Phil Heath on how to become a bodybuilder
Definitely sounds like you're lacking purpose in life
Been fine all cycle. Never had to use anything for prolactin. Not even P5P.
"I like to think of myself as the main character of everyone's life story.  People never forget an interaction with me.

Social anxiety is hella cool 😎"
"&gt;  6’3” 250lb

Mo' like CHUNK ALARM

:D"
Ah nice that's a fun one. Do you still hit back hard another day of the week?
Drag us to that weird empty place behind the gym.
You aren't ready until your room is clean young man.
He will die for “the sport”. Fact!
My schedule is gonna be pretty rough this year. I might just make a bunch of extra food if I meal prep and just leave it in the fridge. That way I can still meet my tdee
Is that just to be safe or is that also the likelier scenario?
How much volume is in his workouts?? Lol have you tried eating more before training
"I did carb cycling during a cut with a diet from Justin Harris. Shit was tough. Low days were like 1900 calories at one point, then high days got up around 4000. It was like having a binge eating disorder, I was so hungry by the time I hit the high days I wanted to fucking eat everything in sight. That and the fact that every day was completely different in terms of food, so the amount of time spent meal prepping was annoying.

I’d love to give it a go again during a bulk one day, because I think there’s great potential there for better muscle growth, but honestly I got so turned off the idea after that and found a new coach who keeps me on the same calories all the time. The consistency of same calories every day has yielded significantly better results for me personally, but don’t let me turn you off the idea, you may love it"
You’re training legs wrong.
Low impact is better since you'd be better recovered for your leg workouts.
"Fuck that, remember to eat your meats, carbs, starches and take vitamins to make up for lack of veggies.


Disclaimer: Don't take food advice from me"
I want her to fart in my face after eating that taco
Indeed lol this MF took a prepubescent pic and compared to an after Tren pic 😂
"Man that’s awesome, before the 265 pic have you even before in your life had little body fat? Or is the the first time you’ve had abs."
That back is sick. And you prob know this but put weakest point is prob arms.
"Bro, answer the question. How can he improve? If he is going to stagnate then hell yeah he should switch division. That’s the whole point of bodybuilding, to build up the body. To improve. To grow."
"In a new gym for this prep (big chain). Super weird to strip down to undies for posing practice in the classroom?

I've seen a couple of physique guys do it but wearing pants"
"Most dudes too. In certain circles. You should just go and do stuff that active people do. Like if you go to a club then you run into people who are into clubbing and social media, if you go to painting course, the people are people who paint etc."
I really wish we’d ever get legitimate causes of death with these people. Is it grams of gear? Years of orals causing organ failure? The dryness? What is it exactly?
What a fantastic physique bro
YALL know the sheriffs took that shit for themselves
Cocaine...the trick is cocaine
Free weights don't require squat rack.
Yeah if he weighed about 50lbs less
no vid no did
"Sorry what do you mean, acute angle?"
I said this same shit about /r/brogress earlier. The comments are just excuse after excuse.
why no gurls like this at my gym..
"After a few years of training, I saved up and spent a bunch of money on some of those seminars by pros. I walked away with a six month plan to learn how to “train with intent.” I don’t think you have to do shit like that to grow, but it was a notable turning point in my training and I think it was worth it. My results were way better than any of the other shit I’d tried (Starting Strength, several BB.com programs, etc.).

I would say developing MMC should be a high priority for a beginner. It’s necessary for consistent form, which is necessary for every advanced bb technique."
Where can I read more about this anti vax shit I’m intrigued
Or maybe some politicians care more about getting votes from conspiracy dipshits than about public health.
Prep goggles are hitting hard. Feel like I look way too fat for 10.5 weeks out. Still getting a lot of compliments that just make me feel weird. But on the plus side I’m still setting PRs almost every workout. 2 plate decline press for 3 sets of 10 today. The big guys are starting to ask to work out with me and my partners. Going to Powerhouse to fuck up legs again with my training partner and one of the guys Saturday. Looking forward to being crippled for the rest of prep with all these people pushing me.
lol yeah not sure how to do front squats with dbs
Fuck that’s funny. I’ll be 70 years old and still laughing at shit and farts
You posted this like 5 hours ago bro
it definitely looks like she's been cut out and placed on a different background
Im amazed that he still manages to have twigs for legs after like 500 days
"Definitely odd that you're experiencing such bad doms even though you've been training legs consistently. 

Only thing I can suggest is stretch and foam roll after the session, do some light cardio and get enough protein and rest in you. 

An ice bath might help if you can manage one."
Appreciate it
"Better to just use omega 3, a normal diet is sufficient in omega 6."
"Don’t worry, most people who answer in this sub are the same each time, so a small group see all the questions and stuff like this comes up too often so it can make people annoyed and snappy in responses haha. All good."
Wrong sub
"Oh yeah like make it as in ""a living"" for sure. But compete do well sure any body can. Just won't make money. But also if you're not getting first you're last. It's an expensive taxing experience with little to no reward."
"Overall you look pretty balanced, so other than just adding size everywhere, I'd say a little bit more upper chest."
My two favorite nattys
Most people have no idea what they're doing so basing your decisions on what everyone else is doing is generally a bad plan if you're referring to people you see at your gym.
I hear that I like my current job I wanna accomplish a few more things before I even start to think about looking for a new job
Happy cake day to u/bodybuildingbot !
Damn amazing
If you like him look up Connor Murphy
"dam so Eddie Hall detached bicep and needs surgery, fight with Thor to be rescheduled to Spring 2022 apparently"
Haha you know me too well bb
I’m cutting rn lol
"Huh, that's interesting. Thanks for the info!"
one hell of a v taper only thing that you need to focus on is ur abs and arms but that's one physique you got there :)
Lol sarms don't really do anything majorly significant at least not without test.
god i wish
"I feel like it's worse these days lol, and people are believing it lol.

Up next: The Rock is 6'5"" but shorter than a 6'4"" Conan O'Brien, Roelly Winklaar weighs in at 362lbs, and Chris Bumstead is 6'3"""
"&gt;who the fuck makes a 4hr movie

Zach Snyder"
"Yeah, because the sheep are the people who listened to the entire conversation and made a decision for themselves about what Arnold's intentions are versus some triggered snowflakes who are only pissed off because other douchebags on the internet shared the clip out of context and they didn't bother to look into at all.

Imagine rationalizing that out and thinking that you're onto something."
Motherfucker you look 30.
"Thanks for trying to help, but if any new guys are reading this, please don't ever take an AI solely because of acne if you have no other symptoms of high e2. Furthermore, taking an AI every other day without severe symptoms, whether adex or asin, *will* crash your estrogen and you will feel like death."
bro that means so much thank you
"ohhhh ok I got it so you do 16 sets bi/weekly 24 tri/weekly

&amp;#x200B;

sheesh thats like triple the volume from this program lol, I might have to step it up"
Whatever makes you happy man
Congrats champ. Takes a lot to knock off Twista!
Is this a competition for worst spray tan?
That kind of physique makes my lard ass want go to the gym more than once a week.  Lol. Thanks for the inspiration!
I cannot deny anything that has been said here.
Not entirely. It does play a factor but pros are also stuffing themselves sick to get calories in so the stomach stretches
"Seems like I offended another fake natty, my bad"
"No specific program 

Chest/triceps/shoulders
Back/biceps
Legs
Repeat, rest saturdays"
The Arnold is dead to me
"Knees be like that.

My knee pain comes from too much frequency or right ankle caving (I fix the latter with squat shoes)."
~~(not hard enough to upvote apparently)~~ Happy I can make you laugh or at least smile! But I'm seriously intrigued about how you let an umbilical cord dangle for multiple decades?
"&gt; ~~Heads~~ no pump; I’m worthless and small

&gt;~~Tails~~ pump; I’m the second coming of christ"
"Yea, and his actual friends say that was utter bullshit. They just didn't want to admit that he was really suffering and it finally got too much and ended his life, maybe because they'd feel like they failed him, who knows."
"Been running the chest and shoulder block off of taskmaster, fucking fun AF, forgot how good this program was"
"your good mate. spinning your wheels just means your literally making 0 progress, you aint going anywhere. see it all the time, and if you wanna give this a shot go for it. but take a pic now when you start, and post a comparison back here in 12 weeks and we will give it to you straight."
"Dude gives solid advice and seems like a great dude. My only thing is, some of his info is really basic, not saying everything has to be complex like MPMD but I feel his physique gives him a lot of ethos so a lot of people will reshare his info although it’s pretty common knowledge. His personality is great so that helps too."
"How the fuck you guys pin your delt and train

I got a fucking vaccine and took a nap, now I can barely raise my arm to shoulder level"
"to me, brett made a more impressive debut than Hunter Labrada did last year

if i had the choice of who's physique i'd want to go with to win a Mr O eventually — i'd go Brett &gt; Hunter

Hunter is slightly bigger right now tho so i get why he beat brett but next year... woo boy."
"It's currently free to watch on youtube. 
https://youtu.be/6lCCk6rgn84"
"I don’t understand why people wouldn’t want their children to be vaccinated. 

Who doesn’t want their kids to be artistic?"
The path of a champion is a long and lonely ass road
I think it’s a Stiff legged Dead lift for mostly hamstring and glute focus
looking like a damn silverback gorilla 🦍
Being fat sucks
Cheat meal tomorrow night of 2 foods I’m not even a fan of. Pasta and brownies…. Because I invited a girl over to cook together. Life gains?
"Sounds like a good plan, plenty of time to recover plus being able to enjoy the holidays which is always welcome!"
She was robbed left a bad taste for her and all who know it ... Onward and forward
"TIL tren makes you a bdsm sub, I appreciate the research"
Yeah he’s really not that big. He’s tall but he’s probably only around 200lbs if I had to guess.
How to prevent this shit? Besides not lifting too much? Dbs only?
Hello bro have someone who can better recommend something better for fast muscles gain
That’s true. It’ll be pretty hard to make a study looking at people with bad posture in their 20s and see if that leads to issues in their 50s though.
thanks a lot man. i think u hit the nail on the head - great analysis and perspective
"I feel like this pic of flex is touched up, he seems bigger/wider…

Also, I guess Phil wins here, but I think of you asked 1000 randoms who looks better, 900 would say flex, his shape and lines are just far more pleasing on the eye."
"For better lighting have the light Infront of you, and behind the camera. So maybe turn and face your window on your left, and move your phone next to it"
Pretty sure he was joking
"Yeah, lol, that's ok, you don't need to worry about it, lad"
It should be bigger than Antony idk hów else to explain the size other than with ffmi. Classic should be 27 to 29 open should be above that and mens should be 24 to 26.antony only around 23. This ways there's a clear size difference look at andrei deiu he's not that much smaller than logan Franklin. Jeremy pot in who's abt 6 inches shorter than Franklin made his arms look small in a pic that's just too much
My cock is so F'N huge it hurts!  She's absolutely shredded to perfection!!!!
"So was Jordan, so was anyone who was the best at what they do. Calm your tits redcon fanboys"
"Yeah planet fitness has no benches, squat racks or barbells I think. Only a smith machine. 

I didn't mind puregym, it had pretty much everything you'd want for bodybuilding with the exception of a seated leg curl and hack squat in mine."
Hany only won with jay twice he was with Chris before that.
"My e2 is naturally rock bottom. The feeling I described happens within 12h-24h after applying 20% testosterone cream to my scrotum, and persists for as long as I'm on it. 12h doesn't seem enough for e2 to go from rock bottom to too high."
Not really. But what does annoy me is when they are resting too long between sets or doing their entire workout on that work station knowing there’s a queue so I have to apply pressure and ask them how many sets they have left
Yah but is a PR a PR if no one knows it was a PR?
"How do you think the 08 housing market crash happened? 

""Sir, I'm sorry, but the bank needs to foreclose on..""

*No, u* -uno reverse-"
Dentists love him.
It robs you of your vital life energy. Its probably the only thing that you can do thats worse than ejaculating in a woman. Dont let the Overlords trick you into giving it up. They use it to feed the satanic vampire priests that harvest psychic energy for the Overlords war machines.
"Interesting, I did not know this. The other poster has an interesting point about natty/enhanced, but I'd also imagine if John were to say something like this, he would do so with the understanding that many people running it are natural."
High bar squats literally make me feel like an old man with crippling back pain so I just stopped doing them. They just don't agree with me.
I used to do this but now I do like 10 reps each time so it’s like 5x10 a day
"I think those girls are just scared of how much of a nice and super cool guy you are. Nobody would've fricked that girl at age 22 before she had her Glow Up© but you come along and show her how good of  a guy you would've been to frick her in her ugly form.

Hopefully that resonates with her and leads her life in a much different direction now that she knows guys like you exist. She should probably wipe off her makeup and squeeze the lip filler out because she doesn't need it anymore."
"Thanks for the encouragement, I am looking forward to these times when I‘ll be able to sleep again. But I also try to cherish this phase, it‘s a very unique experience"
"Oh well shit, I didn't realise it was unprefferable. I know cycle then pct and time and off. But thanks for letting me know only have 10 days left. I'll get a scan and hopefully not too much muscle lost.

When im juicing on TRT ill get those gains back hahahaha"
Ridiculed more than anything...
"Yeah and i wouldn't be surprised if he greatly exaggerated what those people were doing, or even if he was actually in the wrong."
"That would be dumb. Going back to natural after one cycle would probably forever ruin training for you as a natural because it’s boring as shit compared to enhanced and you’ll jump back on.

There’s a saying over at r/steroids; no one does one cycle"
Damn I missed it
Bonus points for the honesty hahahahaha
"Throw your elbows back like you’re trying to hit someone behind you, you’re welcome"
Amazing work bro!
"When people recommend 10-20 sets per body part, is it for overall or just that specific part?

Example: hamstrings and calves, 10 to 20 sets each or combined?  Same question for shoulders"
You do look like him. Especially when he was young
Thank you!!
"It's okay dude, you don't have to pretend. This is a safe space here."
Beautiful body! Like Zeus!
Maybe add some egg whites to that bitch? Try to use some fairlife milk maybe?
"yeah, the first few years I was able to gain a lot. It wasn't until I hit 200lb that things slowed down significantly. Your genetics for building muscle may vary, I think I'm fairly lucky in that department but my bone structure could be better."
"Yo, in your opinion, who is the cutest manlet BB'er out there?"
"yeah, yeah

  where the hell you think my flair came from?

  I promise I do use my turn signals

  Most of the time"
I second these comments but bro be careful. These purple haired wokesters will try to ban you from ever using reddit or any social media platform for saying even a single person had a adverse side effect or died from these damn vaccines. There is something in that Pfizer/Moderna koolaid lol
Indeed kind sir
"Good that you're making progress but weight fluctuates. That's just a big poo's worth. To gain that much mass (even just fat) you'd have to be in a 1500cal surplus. Also, sounds like you could do with following a program, and doing weighted dips now instead"
"If my shoulders look that good in my 20s, I'll be happy."
Just creatine &amp; maybe vitamins
Sumfin like that
"Damn, I thought it just has released this year. The sales said its the newest stuff they got in the training section. Thanks for ur input tho. Im also curious about the heel drop and stuff. Does it affect u? Cos i heard they said drop is like 7mm. Honestly i have no idea since Im pretty new into sneakers, so I just bought anything under the ""training"" section."
I miss the gym
"Bodybuilding wise he definitely looks amazing. But ""aesthetically"" speaking which is totally subjective though I find his physique really weird and I don't know why. I think it has something to do with his proportions and his small wrists. Even though his upper arms are huge he looks like he is all torso."
Just take the week off bro and ease your mind to recover. 💪🏾
How does this dude fit through doorways?  Amazing width
"Then you've not seen a bodybuilder get fucked in the ass then lol.

NSFW:

https://filesmonsterclub.com/pic/imager/w_500/e2a2b0f487c79dda77d4619d3e9813ed.jpg"
Lower your TM
"Yes, it will suck out all your gains. You'll have to start from scratch. Don't do it."
"Yeah that approach works if you've already got the size, I just like to use every opportunity I get to put on size since I'm still 30lbs away from my ultimate goal, so definitely not a one-size-fits-all approach. I'll be looking forward to seeing your 2wks out post!!!"
"After warm up, how important is staying in a heart rate zone?"
The guy is a mass of solid muscle.
You ever heard of bad titties?
crazy legs. i’d work on chest
Lol keone is competing at the O this year. If anything i think he’ll drop in placings. No knock to george though
Would've lost my shit. Sorry that happened.
You're right about weak triceps but they're still sore (not an indicator blah blah blah yeah I know) when I go to bench or OHP. Even if they're not sore my triceps just don't feel 100%
Missing back is that you?
Why do you know the size of your friends cock?
"Jesus man why bother asking for help if you're just going to falsely tell people they're wrong and/or get defensive with others?

Side note:

&gt; At 5'7"" 153lbs I'm top 3 biggest guys I know

lol"
Maybe we start a series of really ridiculous “would you rathers” every day. Then we’ll find out who the freaky people are
"Yeah I’m talking about meadows rows. I totally get that part I just think it’s confusing how he says “work up to a tough weight for 8 reps then once there do 3 total sets”. This makes it sound like I should stay at the same weight for all 3 working sets. But then in the example on the right side of the page, it shows him pyramiding up"
"Agreed. If this guy, with his genetics, didn't achieve it naturally, why would you be able to?"
Sounds like you unwittingly pulled a Jeff Cavalier
"An important thing is they often might not be totally honest about the satisfaction. Saying something you don’t necessarily believe helps you to believe it. Like when you say over and over you’re sick at work to fake sick, you start to feel weaker. Tell yourself and others you love your body and you will start to believe it."
Grow up dude lol
This made me laugh
I have eaten at a deficit and a surplus since I’m being coached my diet is pretty nailed down as far as getting lean enough for a show as a natural I have not gone through a prep and have no want/need to I feel that is just counterproductive and would lose muscle doing a prep for nothing but I do know if I needed to do a prep for a show I would be able to.
"&gt; The venue/organisers lost the tape with his music on

Creed didn't come out til '94"
"Your calories are already low, so I would add cardio before dropping anymore food"
"Nah, bro. The muscles in his forearms grew so quickly that the skin broke LMFAO"
Have a pee bottle in your room so you have no excuse to leave it to pee and find your way to the kitchen. Big brain!
Thank you honey that means so much 🥰🥰😘
"That bun is tight, like its really on there"
Set a trap
Still looks like a bellend
":O badass, good luck"
"phew, I actually thought it would be worse. The top level stuff is at least mostly sanity it seems"
"For me, and I'm lame right, not on y'alls levels, but its TUT. I need to feel like the muscle is engaged bc its not as challenging. So its a lot of cables, supersets, full ROM, and AMRAP finishers. And hype music."
How can I combine dumbbell pull over and skull crusher? I can't find a good answer to this. Some say one thing while others say another thing. Can someone clarify how to do this?
"The idea of being abducted by aliens scares the shit out of me. Idk what archetype or trope that is. The greys abducting you in the middle of the night and shooting you with a light gun that paralyses you is a common abductee story apparently.

Also cannibals like the ones from bone tomahawk so similar to the back woods one you pointed out. The x files episode with the cannibal family freaks me out but as I type this in broad daylight waiting for a haircut I think I could take them. The greys are definitely easy to take in a fight I'd say."
Best newbie program to reach goal of 12lb muscle gain in 4 months?
You’ll die instantly after touching a dumbbell
This is a good comparison to see what Mike ohern would look like if he took PEDs minus the tattoos.
Fuck me that's good
Glass half empty be like: existence is suffering and birth is a burden.
I’m this close to saying fuck it and growing a skullet.
"Ok sweet, thanks for clarifying. I did a cut, but my cut was kinda waste cause I didn’t have much size yet. So I guess it’s like any muscle and gets better the more it’s trained."
"“Convention? More like Geneva Suggestion, amirite?” 

\- John Meadows, moments after writing CD2"
I have no fucking idea
Do more reps. Feel a burn on the warmup. Either that or your Hammies need more mass to start feeling the connection.
Nice cock bro 😎
Thanks bro
Looking really solid. Im betting on him to take second assuming Justin looks basically the same as Indy.
I’m starting to feel victimised by these bots
"thanks for the advice. I just started Colossus and it's working for my time limitations, might do Gamma Bomb in the future"
No idea bro. Prob some other stuff she found online but it’s whatever
holy shit some people are just literal phony and delusional
Ok?
Thanks bro. Do you take it out pre show to prevent flatness?
hell yea. enjoy the added food man you’ve earned it 😂 hope you got to treat yourself after your show
"&gt; Eat at a deficit and do your cardio.

Pssh.  You and your voodoo."
Lol
"Some drunk girl just started talking to me at the bar, telling me how weird I am and how there's something seriously messed up in my head.  

Turns out I had a thing with her, pre-corona.  

I just didn't recognize her because she had gained at least 100lbs since then."
No hetero bro
Some people are just pussies who get jealous too quick for looking like ass
I have a problem with the cognitive dissonance someone must have to go on an Internet forum and say “here’s how you seduce people” like it’s a feckin math equation. They need to just go out and fucking do it imo
"I just like the ice cream tbh, but I've been told McDonalds is awful in my country"
Thanks man! Mostly eat chicken but wanted a little change in the diet.
"Too much tricep volume, dumbbell superset is probably a bit redundant with the cable flyes. You'd probably get more out of the incline press doing them by themselves."
"Cool trivia, and I must qualify my view on the Animation and Shows being better by mentioning that I only saw the films for the first time at 17, in a marathon the night before VII."
"That can be an issue for sure. I can typically get there at a 12 incline with 3.6 speed, so not too hard of a task for me personally."
"Ridiculous, steroids are a huge class of compounds used to treat various medical issues short and longterm. I agree, blasting for bodybuilding purposes is unhealthy but throwing the entirety of medical applications under the same umbrella is a very limited view. It’s also not just „steroids“, iffb pros take a variety of compounds, including but not limited to steroids."
You also get to see what pros use like bots because some of them will still like the post lol
Varicose veins to make Nick Walker jealous.
That’s some good cocaine. Good for him.
I hated all of them except strawberry cheesecake. It's 20 extra calories but has the closest ice cream taste
Sorry but it gets my thumbs down. Tastes like ass. Cloyingly sweet banana has me resenting this disgusting sorry ass excuse of a shake.
Natural! I don’t take steroids!!
"Of course, but I’d recommend the strawberry"
Plus you can just cook a pork tenderloin by searing it in the cast iron real quick.finish it in the oven and it's delicious every time.
Nah I usually just cuddle up and wipe my hands on her hair discreetly tbh
Can we ban this guy?
Mandatory Pose Wednesday will be Side Tricep!
"LOL yeah my sweep is so much better compared to my weak leg :( that's what gets me so upset. at least you're working the unilateral movements. i'll be trying the same, thanks for replying!  
  
and oh god man that snowboarding comment got me thinking of some of the trails i've been on where ur on toes the entire time and ur calves just die lmao"
"Yes sir! I’m a drummer and toured with a jazz group for a few years! I’m mainly a rock/metal drummer for set as well as a history of marching percussion, but man jazz is an absolute blast. Very much a “feel based” approach."
"This is pathetic. You went from 0 to juvenile burns in under 5 minutes. Congrats. you lose. I'm out, put that nervous energy to good use in the gym or in the paper tissues."
"https://i.imgur.com/fe9qySa.jpg

Fresh cut side tri"
Little late to the party chief
hoo boy. That is very cool and definitely has a high dose of lsd on it and give them all the more pleasing! They look amazing. You’ve made them before too and they’d change their mind!
"Looking great! You already got tons of great advice here, just fucking smile like you know you already won and you will have it made!"
5’2 109lbs here. [This is definitely my favorite pose ](https://imgur.com/a/AwVk76S) !
"Man I hope so. 

Once I get access to a pulldown I’m going to go ape shit. Creeping death 2 with the PPL pull leg split. Gotta bring these puppies up"
"Cheers mate, I’m gonna put some work into it and fair play to you for a 500kg total 🙏"
"yea and they suck and no one watches them. genetics matter more than the ""amount"" of gear at the highest level, and every level for that matter."
"Dude those are so good when you tell them you want em hot, i used to get those and eat them all in one sitting 🤤"
"5'8"" 164lbs, couple weeks left in this cut then gonna start growing, any criticism welcome, thanks! http://imgur.com/a/7Cz4i1t"
"If you stuck to low-medium dosages of test, you won't be dying any younger, and if it's just a TRT dose you'll probably have a much better quality of life."
galaxy buds are awesome and actually have decent sound quality. very happy with my purchase.
"Yeah like these?

https://www.missionfoods.com/products/low-calorie-yellow-corn-tortillas/"
Isn’t it bad to work out a muscle only once a week?
"Yes, maybe some oversized t with that. I'm fine with people seeing my fine ass but not my dick outline"
Need to keep cutting cus I’m a chubster. Really want to be bulking though :(
"What? I can't tell if you're joking or not. If, in your mind, bulking means getting fat then man you've got this WAY wrong"
Dumbest shit I’ve read in a while
you look awesome dude
He looks too unhealthy.
"Hi, I dislike doing barbell rows. Can I switch to dumbbell rows and cable rows instead?"
"Can any of you home gym folks recommend a power rack in the &lt;$450 price point? I like a few from Titan, but they're back ordered through March."
"his midsection is actually surprisingly average, it's that he can hit an insane vacuum which gives his physique that insane flow"
Okay mate literally have abs while over 200lbs and under 15%bf stfu obviously enhanced
"I underestimated how much easier a desk job made bulking, I could literally just graze all day."
Looking great. Curious why you wouldn't wear contacts on stage though
No
I asked myself that too lol. Maybe they meant like just the view of the lateral parts of the quads from the back?
"Anyone know if cashnasty bulks and cuts? Man says he eats 3k or 4k calories ""if he wants to"" but never seen him add fat"
Thank you sir. Just added another back day and started doing more tricep isolating movements. Good to know I’m on the right track
Tell your bf to take it easy
Wish this newbie in my gym would quit fucking looking at me. Weird ass dude I’m trying to attend church when im in the gym not be stared at.
One of them for sure.
"Single arm chest supported row, drive the elbow down and in at the end range of motion and maybe even twist the same direction with the trunk."
He'd probably just turn into one giant neck haha
No i haven’t ! But that makes sense. I’ve got some issues in my upper mid back and neck too.
This made me laugh way more than it should have
Bad bot
Dudes built like Shao Kahn
"I used to do like 20-30 mins of elliptical after my workout, sometimes I go hard sometimes not very hard it depends, cuz I work sunday-friday and I move all the time during my shift."
Alright thank you
"Man that sucks, i hope you figure things out with ur quads soon"
"No doctor will, but a ""doctor"" will."
"Whenever I stalled out early on at the 16.5"" mark I would add about 15 minutes to my pull days for arm work (I think I was doing PPL programs early on) also add some additional bicep work to other workouts. Ex: on back day I would do some chin ups.

tl;dr: easier said than done but work your arms harder"
"FUCK. Do I make a banana nut milkshake joke or a ""Not a DD without feces"" joke? You've really put me in a bind here today man"
The original Baywatch TV series
I was heavily depressed and it borderline completely changed my entire mindset. Not even exaggerating
"6'5'' low 260s when flat, probably 265+ after refeed."
"&gt;3. actually uses the fucking safety bars for their intended purpose.

I always facepalm when people unrack the bar, and take steps until they are out of the safety bars lmao"
"It’s pretty easy to get used to. I mean, how many of y’all mother fuckers drink Bud Light?"
"No, like a subreddit for advice, and progress stuff. But for teens."
"Broke: Buying meat

Woke: Being meat"
"yeah I'm only doing 1 show

&gt;/adrol/halo

liver already hurts reading that"
"Dude, I thought she was attractive…shit Lol"
Damn that is way early! When are you trying to peak? Damn June? Lol
You wish.
Sick bicep peaks!
Okay got it. Thanks so much!!
Yeah. Got a sweet intraworkout I really like. Hydration isn’t usually a problem
"Please provide me the study saying they're useless.

You're more than welcome to go read scientific articles on John's Hopkins University's website, the mayo clinics website, and a plethora of articles on the CDCs website. I guess you're a top scientist in your field though, that has run studies, with adequate sample sizes, to disprove the data out there?"
"apparently i've been allergic to gluten my whole life. if i have to give up pizza, burgers, bread, and everything else i better put on 15 lbs of muscle in a month or this shit is not worth it"
"Generally no, if I take it on an empty stomach for like a fasted morning workout a bit, but if I have a pretty good sized meal it just gives me the energy I need"
"Oh yeah well if you're paying double for it buddy then you need to get what you paid for. Would you like to role play so you can practice speaking up for yourself? Here, I'll be the employee.

*Hi there, oh so you want double chicken, that'll cost extra. You're okay with that? Awesome, here you go!* ::gives 1/2 a scoop and gyps you::"
"Woke up this morning with a painful shoulder impingement.
What the hell. I went to bed completely fine"
Idk where this subs fetish with cookie cutter programs comes from but its starting to get ridiculous
How is this a fair fight? Cbum doesn't belong in any conversation that also includes arnold. Not even close.
"See a PT or a specialist. I had a bad injury that put me out for several months. If your pec minor is tightening, it’s probably to protect a weakness or imbalance in your back."
Agreed
Oh boy. Lol
"Yeah you're very blind. And deleted your comment too lmao! Your embarrassed yourself man.

http://imgur.com/a/8uj6lzK"
Im hoping to go pro before 30. In classic physique that is!
"Although I agree with most Americans eat like shit, we're talking bodybuilding terms here. Sure protein helps build muscle but so do carbs. Carbs feed the muscle &amp; help em grow as well. It'd be better to balance out your diet than to cut just one thing. Balance is always gonna trump cutting just one thing down bc it'll keep your hormones, glycogen levels, &amp; muscle building power as together &amp; potent as possible."
Why don’t u like?
powerlifting sub doesn't allow videos for some reason
I miss the doggie songs 🐩
"Best way to lose weight is a tapeworm, right babe?"
I honestly loved seeing Luke in the ending of Mando. I think they did a great job of setting up how powerful the death troopers were and seeing Luke just obliterate them gave us a glimpse to what his power was supposed to be in the original extended universe. Plus Grogu had to go to Luke and I think it was risky to end that story line now (and the baby Yoda merchandising hype) to be able to focus on the story of Mandalore and the Dark Saber
"Call me a bitch but I cry a little whenever I see stuff like this. These pro bodybuilders have really changed my life in such a big way. Before I started watching bodybuilding stuff I used to be a skinny dork who had no friends, but guys like Flex really inspired me to get my ass in the gym. I hate seeing my idols in pain, I hate seeing them die prematurely. I really wish they were all doing so much better because they helped me flip my life around &lt;3"
"I’ve unfortunately missed those. Welp. Another one goes away. 🤷🏻‍♂️ thank you for sharing these.

Jeffrey Wolf is another one. These guys really don’t mind doubling down on their shitty political takes."
"Dear diary, it must be my small calves that made her quit responding. I’ll hit them every day (at home) til she loves me"
"That is correct, damn boomer"
Did you miss the part where WE DONT FUCKING CARE. Not to mention my sperm count and fertility has been tested and I’m all gucci so 🤷‍♂️
But why would you want to look like that?
"I love front squats, my form never breaks on them. Unlike some other squats whose name I'm not gonna say"
This is like when ur two favorite rappers release a song together and it’s fire
"Every night before you go to bed I want you to do 100 reps, 100 reps pumping then straight the fuck to bed. If you got a girlfriend or a wife no fucking sex"
"That was literally just for you lol. Had some this morning, btw."
It's the following combo: dehydration + low body fat + hot stage lights (especially this) + continuous flexing/posing
"&gt; THAT much we can all agree on. So what is the main reason people still aren't getting it?

Umm I think maybe you can conclude that your first assumption isn't true lmao"
Aloe Vera and cold showers work great.
"When you gain weight it is impossible to add pure muscle. You'll be adding fat along with it, so the math is not as easy as calculating the weight gain every month and immediately assuming it's muscle. From a thermodynamic perspective, 1 pound is 3500 calories."
"This is like comparing Christian Bale, when he did ‘The Machinist’ @ 140lbs to 2003 Ronnie at 290lbs @ 3% BF."
Yeah I'm guessing OP loaded 10 kg on each side but doesn't realize the bar counts.
I’d rather fuck your girl
What the fuck is that orange shit next to your food?
No. That helped lol.
"Thanks for the response mate, This is the first prototype, elaborate “limited utility”"
Welcome to the rice fields motherfucker psa..FUCK TERRORIST
"I genuinely get happy whenever I see a banana nut milkshake out in public and they look so delicious. It’s been quite some time since I felt that feeling towards another shake, and I miss it. All I have right now is a toxic vanilla shake 😞"
Just feel guilty because I shared my concerns a few weeks ago and she said she’d rather try than to “the one that got away”. So I committed because neither one of us were dating anyone else. She’s given me a lot and actually cares about me. So I just hate to give up on it but I’m just not there
"Sorry you’ve never been to a competition or judged one. 

I’m sure if I bothered to look up bio’s on any of them they would all weigh 180+ I’d even guess closer to 200lbs."
"I had a super late day in general.  Took my antidepressants at like noon instead of at 8 so that might have had an effect.  Ate my preworkout at like 5 and intraworkout at like 6, and I'm up and fucking wired lol"
"No, I'm sure that former top level competitor that used and still uses insulin himself has no idea what is hypoglycemia. He probably wings it. You should teach him thing or two about it."
"“Only training hard when the camera is rolling” 
Grunts and makes it look difficult for a few reps, before being able to speak a full sentence during the eccentric of a hack squat. Facepalm. Handled this terribly I can’t imagine why he would post it"
They make your calves look bigger by hiding your ankles
I love cutting. It’s so much more enjoyable to not constantly have to worry about my next meal. I can casually have some tea or coffee for a few hours in the middle of the day without throwing everything off
Pro Tip: Daddy would like your anus better with a Brazilian wax than a simple shave.
"Kickbacks and single rope, swap the ez bar out for ropes if/when you get some tendon issues."
"Don’t worry, she doesn’t want to with you either"
Idk have you seen most powerlifters or strongmen?
Definitely a very full side profile. You're gonna do awesome.
"Diet update: Still fat (22% BF), but everyone around me says I'm in ""great shape"" (???)"
Yeah I think either old people can be really sweet or just been through a bunch of shit and are bitter af when they get old
Idk they're fun lol
"yeah, but cbum is mr olympia and frank hasn't one a contest in years, so by the transitive property cbum's vacuum is better"
"Beloved doesn't want me to look gargantuan, so gotta keep the love burning"
"Yeah, I see it that way after looking at it for a sec lol. If you look at his other pictures it’s pretty clear"
Stop drinking caffeine for a while
Upper back? I can’t look away from those damn quads that are somehow still staring at me even though they’re faced the other direction.
"It just makes me so happy to help you guys out. 

Now all we need to do is wait to hear back from the multiple guys I suggested text their exes saying they were HIV positive. That should be such a fun screenshot!"
Your wife is awesome. Congrats man.
Nah bro creatine is the strongest type bodybuilding drug there is. I know a guy who knows a guy who took 1 scoop one time and now his muscles are so big he can’t even do simple tasks such as scratching his back.
"Lose the fat first, then gain the muscle. You're just gonna be spinning your wheels and everything will take much longer trying to do both at once in most cases"
Awesome! Congratulations!
Torturing yourself mentally and physically via running is better than the mental torture of body dysmorphia or depression
Ok lol
Damn that's pretty crazy. If the dark pee hadn't tipped you off do you think you still would have gone to the hospital?
"Nope, he was good, but Iain was the best conditioned"
That lat flare is fucking nuts mang
Posing is on point. Good proportions. Truly shredded.
Fyi ur a massive pussy and a beta
Thank you for your opinion. I appreciate it.
Got any good (or any)barbell  abs stuff?
r/coffee if you want to truly learn coffee obsession. It's only cost me hundreds of dollars so far.
Happy birthday to the most influential fitness icon of the modern era. Here's to many more years to come!
"Brah, im 6'2 and twice as big. I have a hard time making it through a standard door way. My triceps is chaffin' everytime I walk into a new room. Please don't make put dis bitch on blast by posting some of my pics.
As a half Russian half polish I have superior genetic material. I probably put in way less effort into my work out but get results like you wouldn't believe. 
I am a pure carnivore as well. A butcher by trade I was on the carnivore diet way before it was publicly acknowledged. I stack beta alanine and creatine before every work out I wear a camel pack consume roughly 2 gallons of water a day. Its hard and dedication that has put me on the path I'm on. 
Like my bapshi used to say "" work is not a wolf, it will not run into forest"""
Stop talking about underage girls here. Whether it’s legal or not we don’t condone adults grooming children. Only warning you’re getting.
"Tfw shirts fit nice and snug in the chest and lat area, but sleeves are blowing in the wind 

[Poverty tier tricep gang checking in](https://imgur.com/a/SrgvKPo)"
I can't tell if you're serious
Ok
Looking crazy !!
"thanks! Yeah man, beats covid that's for sure. Plus now I'm able to visit friends in person again, so its a win win."
"Ok...I see the error in my wording now, didn't even think about juicing.

Totally meant is as a compliment without the indication of roid use..

My bad."
We all know hes gonna be in the top. But hes also really short. Hes gonna be out sized by a few guys. And I think that's always going to keep him from winning an open class o.
"It was a squat rack, but yea pretty much. Even more frustrating to see this when the gym has a “1 piece of equipment at a time” rule as long as covid is a thing."
"Hm, okay thanks guys! I thought it was just cause i was eating less so my body would hold the food longer 😂"
thats a blast lol
"Look fantastic bro, good luck 💪"
"Please don’t be scared of aging. Nothing magically changes for the worst when you turn 30, I promise you this. Especially if you have a healthy lifestyle and take care of yourself, you don’t have much to worry about. 30s is still young!"
"Yep, definitely sharp everywhere else Shawn. Also in his favour, all parts just seem to fit together better IMO no lagging or overdeveloped aspect to his frame..just balanced..if I am being picky he needs to control his gut in some transitions but that's being very nit picky"
"It's all good. It's a learning experience and it's great you want to give it a go. My first show I was a teenager and everyone else was older than me, as there was no teen class. I learned and came back better."
"I really like Gorilla Mode Nitric, but I don't have experience with other non-stim pre's, so I don't have anything to compare it to."
"Lmao this sub loves Big Ramy, what people dislike is when a bodybuilder is 90% torso"
"Why would  a gym chose to partner with anti doping, whats the benefit?"
Glad you're back fam
"honestly, i find it silly that most people who arent religious are so sure that nothing happens after you die. Im not religious in any real sense, but as it stands, nobody knows what happens after. those people that were legally dead, and brought back to life, obviously werent dead enough to get a real good feel for it before they were ressuciated. Otherwise theyd be dead still. So, since theres no way to be sure, it doesnt hurt to be optimistic. Thats just how i go about it, when it weighs too heavily on my mind"
Bathroom breaks in the important zoom meetings
"Nah you Just misunderstood what i wrote.
I Said Ive gotten feedback from them as In what i should work on with the poses and how they should look
Not saying Im perfect or better than others
I aint toning down anything because I'm only trying to help."
Damn I always see some awesome advise on here but I really like this watermelon idea.
"They are free game. I’ve gotten shredded asf abusing sweeteners like there’s no tomorrow. I use aspartame, stevia, sucralose, etc"
Is the salt for taste or for the better pump?
"High rep step ups are the best. This excercise isn't just something to fill in the gap until you get to the real stuff, this can legit cause a lot of growth. Just make sure to only use the leg that yourr targeting. It's easy to kick yourself up using the other legs calves."
delete this shit right away
"Yeah that's fucked, it's the same way here really but trades can make you an excellent living, you get to directly see the impact you're having and the things you've built which is probably super satisfying as well. Although they are rough on your body."
"It helps you in being strong in squatting and getting as big legs as possible (since you have less room to spread muscle). However if it's good from a bodybuilding perspective is a bit subjective.

If you have super short femurs then you have a long torso and certain poses like the front double biceps will have you looking weird. Most bodybuilding elites had medium length limbs in general I think (not super long not super short)."
"Yo just following up, thanks for mentioning this, I really like Cronometer now that I've been using it for a while."
the lower lats are fucking insane
Only counts as one cheat meal if you eat it all in one sitting
Lol imagine finding out your family weren’t saved because OP had finished his steps/cardio for the day
Oh yeah I’ve heard those are good. I need to try it.
lol
Please tell me the sword was the trophy lol.
Oh well then suck it up dude one day a year sheesh!
Why is that? Dude is clearly a beginner.  Should i have just told him to fuck off to r/fitness?
"I’m scared for the day I do an actual cycle, as sometimes I get chest and back pumps from cardio already"
"As a 6’6” man, I would also like to know."
What the hell is a dumbbell reverse fly.. I think you have an unnecessary amount of volume
He was my favorite YouTube overall. Just such an all around amazing source of info. Especially training info. When I switched over from powerlifting to bodybuilding I literally digested all his vids.
"Nop, after years of intense training, can do it natty"
"If you're going to do short bulk and cut cycles, then just do a month or two of bulking then two weeks of cutting. One week is just too little. ""Oh shit, I wasn't even in a surplus last week, should I even do this cutting week?"""
"What does fat ass Bostin Loyd think now, he wouldn’t stop talking shit about this kid when he was coming up"
"Yeah, male, weighed in at 66.8 kgs this morning, I used the Harris–Benedict BMR equation to calculate 1600 cals, it seemed wrong to me as well but I haven't implemented the NEAT multiplier yet to calculate it properly. I'm using Jeff Nippard's body recomp guide to help set up my diet"
Ryan Casey is a menace
Very good
This makes me appreciate my genetics a lot more lol
FemCel! Love it
"I'm on a cut right now trying to get to ~10% bf. Been eating significantly less and I'm stuck at around 165 lb, not going down for the past 2 weeks maybe I need to have a larger deficit. Cut sucks though my energy is so low 

Also my gym has one of those electronic bf tools and it told me I'm at 19% bf?? I know those are inaccurate but man that is demotivating. Thought I'd at least get 14-15"
Reuse your needles so you save money and marinade each chicken with trace amounts of gear.
"No I absolutely get what you mean though haha I've had the same thing. I think its actually to do with most of your bicep being stretched out during most of the movement, you're probably recruiting the brachialis far more than usual."
"&gt; this sub is worse than r/nattybb with their pickiness

Because of people like you. Seriously, you've got a collection of industry experts trying to tell you why you're wrong, yet you're acting like a little bitch and getting butthurt because nobody is agreeing with you and your stupid ass Jeff Nippard bullshit.

Just a quick side note: Jeff Nippard is a social media personality. He exists for the sole purpose of getting views, hits, ad revenue, and affiliate sales. He's going to say stuff that is relatable so garner more online attention. New people HATE the idea of working out a major muscle group just once a week, ""more is better"" is so common with new people. Of course he's going to say some shit like every other day is fine. It gets retards like you to keep coming back to wherever it is you're following his advice from."
Keep it up John and keep that heart healthy
"Jokes on you, i bench his bench +2lbs"
"No worries mate, hope you've been enjoying the sun this week."
no
"Same wtf. I really needed to check that he was legit posting bloody poop... and yep, it’s exactly what you’d expect 😭"
Recommend some post workout creatine
"Thank you, ill try that out 😊, have a great day 😀."
Frank Zane had a better vaccum pose than Bumstead does. Change my mind.
Legs are HUGE!!!
cancer.
"I’m the annoying person. I ask for best protein they have, grilled, no sauces/butter, salad no dressing, side vegetables no butter/sauce/dressing. If they have a grilled chicken breast with sauce and side salad/vegetables. I just ask to remove the sauce."
That would only make me want to raise you up higher my friend 😊
yes i was man chill out
Front lat spread looks amazing! You've got a great X shape and flow. Best of luck!
"Thanks for the laugh.  Obviously, you look great."
Ok
No
You’re an idiot. I didn’t *just* say anyone could be. I gave reasons why *he* is. But the problem is you’ve got to *read*. I know that’s too much to ask out of someone with your low IQ so don’t every about it. Just continue to live your dumb existence.
"Mirin waist

T. Wide hips of peace"
"Can anyone help me with this please?

&amp;#x200B;

https://www.reddit.com/r/Posture/comments/nrots3/is\_this\_position\_bad\_for\_the\_nec"
That’s really interesting I always figured that stuff was permanent.
Tongue and just being super hands on with it.
" Boys.... BOYS, I’m fucked up from that leg workout. Fuck"
Hit me with a good protein oats recipe!
Fucking killing that prep
"I’m a confident guy, but I called it off with a girl who had an absolute stud of a roommate, jacked, tall, successful. He was single. She was single. I wasn’t jealous but couldn’t for the life of me figure out why they weren’t going at it. Hell, maybe they were. Then again, I’m a guys and girls can’t be just friends Harry met Sally type. It fucked with me. There were other fish in the sea."
"Problem is that in my area, it’s very difficult to schedule a session. Currently the next available PT session is in two weeks, which by then I can tell you my pain will almost 100% be gone"
Yes. You are very big for a natural junior. I dont know how small youd be after you diet but those guys are very small
"I get like sweaty palms even thinking about applying for jobs or interviewing, even tho I'm not even thinking of changing jobs just yet.

Anything you guys use to reduce this kind of anxiousness/nervousness?"
"Twista got banned on some random subreddit for being a retard. He tried to evade that ban by making new accounts, resulting in a permanent ban.

aaa got banned from here for being aaa. He tried to evade that ban by making new accounts, resulting in a permanent ban."
Man y’all making me feel good about 5’8 176
Honestly lmao why do they care.
They should of gang tackled that pathetic little cop
I mean you are starting to sound like one. I hope things start looking up for ya though.
Yeah he looks like a different person now for sure
"Probably could do well in wellness, if not better than bikini. You've got good size on hips and thighs."
Anybody wanna spitball some anxiety control methods with me? I’m at the end of my rope today (no pun intended) with this anxiety attack
You look a bit like Tommy Fury... If he had a mask on.
I just woke up and it took me a while haha
Will do! Thanks!
You look insane. Just get leaner and shave your armpits and you good to go lmao
"Unpopular opinion: Arm days are fun, especially when you have intensity techniques added in them."
"It’s good to be reminded of these things once in awhile. Even for training, there have been studies that come to the conclusion that x is better, but like a participant or 2 might get wise from doing x, and some participants doing y got better results than people doing x. Science is a good starting general point, but most importantly is finding what works for you. And I think you 100% on point for your diet. High carb, more protein if your less anabolically/genetically assisted, and lowish fat. Hope you grow like a weed man"
"Gymnasts, but they're all super manlets"
"Ohhhhhhhhhh okay wow, sorry, i think me and everyone else thought you meant actual real anadrol.

All of those supplements are bullshit. There's a reason why they're legal and there's a reason why popular online shops and places like GNC have to advertise them so hard and charge a huge markup for them.

Your money is honestly better spent making sure you hit your protein macros, or hell even some minimally-effective creatine would be better. Everything else is bullshit."
Mike Matarazzo would like to have a word...
Nice
"I'm no expert but my understanding is that it lowers DHT which is also linked to beard growth. Seems strange to prescribe that but they're the doctor, not me.

Minoxidil works well for patchy beards."
and u were right nearly broke my back and chin during weight traning look down
tends to be like that lol
That's quite a good reason to stay away from pinning them then lol
"Jesus Christ, why is every old guy super jacked?! -Morty"
Why are you trembling
I thought he had a piece of cheese on his ass
Its a great program
i’ve been lifting for like 9 months now and for the first 6 months i had an ED where i’d only allow myself 1600 cals a day but for a few weeks i’d only 1000 cals. now i’ve been bulking for the past 3 months and gaining weight rapidly. you guys think these are noobie gains kicking in or am i just getting fat? im only eating 300-400 above maintenance
Nick is no small dude and he is absolutely getting dwarfed
"I love that everyone's so invested in the cat story lol. He's okay!! Fed and loved. That piece is a work in progress, I'll get him."
I agree. I have friends who are deep in the covid shit and it doesn't really affect my opinion of them
"1500 is too low. For any adult. 

I’m relatively active (8-10k steps a day + lift 3/4x a week) female. 5’6 and this is around my maintenance calories"
Okay fair enough then.
"Thank you, I'll look into it."
Trust me I know what you mean. I look like I workout I'm bald with a beard and tatoos. But if I wanna talk about comic books or animated movies I watched I'll find someone who'll listen
"Yeah the difference is mad, I’ve maxed out the lat pull down machine at my main gym and have just been increasing reps to almost 20 at 105kg. Trained at another gym a few weeks ago and was struggling to hit 12 reps with 91kg on their machine. Ego destroyed."
Whitexican? Lol
"Well shit, damn right pizza party, I'm down for that bb"
That fucking sucks man..
You look great
"Years.

You need to enjoy the process and do it for its own sake, not just try to reach the goal. It's a permanent lifestyle change not a plan."
"I'm preeeeetty sure it's in your inbox still.

Thanks for the tip. But it's not possible to import raws through mail here."
It's pretty tight but I'm also just fat. I thought it was supposed to be pretty dang tight?
"And I mean who cares, some of your muscles got bigger!"
so it seems your cut is going well lol
Thank you for the reply. I'll check out Fouad's podcast I've heard great things about it
Yes
Please explain to me how you have diagnosed him from this photo
"I know it’s a joke, but goddamn do I hate hearing about his cookbook. It’s a bunch of generic thoughtless recipes"
"Just out of curiosity, are there any fitness or BB people who are notably left-wing? It seems like every single fitness person who talks politics is super right wing—Jim Wendler likes Dinesh D’Souza, David Laid and Greg O’Gallagher are Trump supporters, Mark Rippetoe is a Trump supporting Covid skeptic... Are there any who are on the other side? I was kinda shocked when I saw David Laid post Qanon sex trafficking stuff on his story a while back. I wonder about people like Greg Nuckols or Jesse James West or Chris Bumstead. I remember Layne Norton saying Trump and his supporters were disgusting, but also that he hated Biden too lol. Would be funny if Jeff Seid was a big Bernie bro or something"
"Damn really crazy to think how different Zane looks compared to when he was younger, some people just look the same just with wrinkles and gray hair lol."
"Wow, so good!! 😍"
Because no way a ribeye has the former. Unless they harvested it from a cow kept in a concentration camp.
"Damn, can't believe how much of a difference that makes. Everything just feels so soft compared to before I got sick. Thank you for the response."
"I could have sworn I charged mine, but yesterday when I turned them on they said ""20%"". Luckily I was able to get through my workout by the time they died!"
Shake weights
"LOL People started staring at me giggling about the MP hands!

It's the long pants. He thought keeping them on was harmless but it started turning him into a men's physique athlete."
"No use really in giving healing time with hypothetical tears. It also depends on the severity of the tear.

Again, please just go see a doctor if it's been bothering you for a month."
"Just started Week 5 of Gamma Bomb, and the amount of switching stuff up for almost-the-same-but-not-quite movements is keeping it consistently interesting. Progression has been consistent, and it's across all rep ranges as well.

I can only assume that the holidays helped significantly by ensuring I was *definitely* in a surplus, but by the same cause the water and fluff is currently hiding the Fizeek progress that was noticeable pre-Christmas 😂

Overall loving gamma Bomb so far, and really looking forward to the Leg Block starting Week 9 since they're already my best group, but they can and do always need to be bigger."
Look good but hard to tell with that pic. Throw some (wack) MP poses up.
Hahaha enjoy the treats then mate!
Damn well for me at least it doesn’t hurt. It’s just annoying
Pretty solid numbers tbh
"Damn, was doing leg press and the dude next to me ripped ass. We made eye contact too. Cmon man."
"great bicep insertions good legs but those lat insertions are RIP. next to clavicle width, lat insertions imo are the biggest mass limiters in terms of size."
"Bread.

Once happy, living.

Thriving.

Tortured in oven by evil master.

Sitting in drawer. Black surrounding. 

Chained.

*Thank you, please support local artists like me through my Patreon and Cash App*"
"bruh ""that strength power guy"" is delusional. Look at his latest vid, he's acting like breon fucked his wife or something"
"Agreed, and back! Cheers bro"
Lol anyone still use C4? I picked a tub up on sale bc it was cheap. Haven't used anything else in a few years but it's working fine for me.
Nah I'm on an air force base and other than EOD (who isn't allowed to do mcmap) it's just us Marines so I'll just have to wait for another red tab to show up
I think you forgot the /s lol
"Damn, yeah that'll fuck a kid up hearing that repeatedly."
Ur shape is wonderful!
I’m shy 🙈 🙈 🙈
Are you blind? He's not small lol. He's bigger than you even
Great job!
"Nah man, you just don't believe in the power of consistency and perseverence"
"Ohh okay, gotcha, North of Seattle? I'm still new-ish to WA. So many tiny little towns/villages/tribes around here!"
Nah he's just hitting on you
For me I struggled to put in multiple sets if there’s a TV nearby or I have my phone. Any fleeting thought that wasn’t ‘LIFT’ would distract me intensely and I’d wander around till got focus again.
"Agreed.  I need heavy shit, and a majority of A7X ain't it."
"Yeah, that’s a perfectly valid reason to use it as an accessory on cycle. He had mentioned gyno being a concern, though. That’s a different ballpark from masking e2 symptoms."
"/r/homegym. They have bots n shit to keep track.

Heard some good things about the fitness reality rack aswell for something on the budget side."
We are all a work in progress. Just figured I'd give some constructive criticism.
"&gt; 250-350mg/wk PLUS tossing in shit like anavar for them.

Ah, Lobliner TRT."
"During the interview, ask them if you can cut your work shirt into a stringer."
"Pussy!
Oh wait sorry, wrong vibe."
"Are you an idiot? That was rhetorical of course you are. MGK and Eminem are rappers last time I checked, so what were *you* insinuating? Racists always bring race into something completely unrelated. Seek help."
Well men’s physique is a stupid category anyways.
"I'll think about that, thank you!"
Thanks! I will look into it!
Kinda hard to evaluate. What show has such a high weight cutoff for height.
"On a serious note bro you are, I can gaurentee 8/9 out of 10 dudes would either want or admire your work. On a body building aspect, probably not as much compared to other amateur and pros but thats like comparing apples and oranges. Its possible but different.


Keep up the good work man"
"Thanks bro, ex fatty so I don't usually train them but been hitting them 3 x per week lately and they.... Umm.... Responded well haha"
"lol.  Well, those are both very specific strength movements that don't get trained often in the gym for most guys.  Holding on to deadlifts doesn't really do a whole lot for that.  

I do a ton of specialized grip training for, you guessed it, the Marine Corps."
Who the fuck cares what Greg thinks
"Thanks for keeping me sharp, lemme throw one up tomorrow. I’ll see what I have for now in the meantime..."
Oh yeah. That the good reddit right there
"Thanks man, so the answer is ""a fuck load of width can be added by shoulders"" lol, good to know."
"Ah okay, i learned something new today! Thanks"
No just 1 retard who doesnt understand how humor works
Phil was fantastic but as soon as that stomach started to come out it was downhill....just disgraceful.
Bruh you look 41. Looking good though
Hey fam ya like what you like.
"I think you're wrong it's made up of 1,5 million ifbb pros lol"
"Awesome. My stomach hurts more than I’d like this morning but I try to make a cheat every 2-3 weeks rather than each week. 

I agree I’m all about dessert over an actual meal 100%"
"Why the down votes? I’m a noob, so I really don’t know the difference in what natty and pumped physiques should look like, plus these are guys in the old days"
"Fuck off back to /r/GregDoucette you dumbass.

/u/StratMatt316 if you’re in a surplus your weight will go up (otherwise you’re not in a surplus). You will gain muscle as well as bodyfat, given nutrition and training are in place."
I appreciate it
"Negatives are still better then free fall or inertia, so a better advice would be “don’t take negatives as an end in itself”. No fanatical approach, and you lower the risk of trauma from both."
I love Franco personally but like seeing others' favorites too!
Fair info. Best of luck for it mate you’ll do well.
Thanks a lot man
I love kombucha lol brb growing my own scoby cause shit is literally $10 USD a bottle whre I live
Or he's just a troll lmao
6 sets of super slow &amp; controlled RDL has me walking like a gay cowboy 🤠
"You look beautiful, congrads!!"
"Kinda crazy that even women's physique is becoming a race to the bottom on hyper-conditioned mass monsters though. 

Everyone saying she was robbed is probably baffled that women's is judged the same way as the men's division.

Shouldn't we be mad if women's physique starts turning into literally just a smaller and worse version of men's physique? Or do we just not care about aesthetics at all at this point?"
"Getting down to 4% can bring serious health issues with it up to the point of death.
Your brain needs glycose to work and it pulls that from your fat. Youd need to constantly eat sugary stuff and you still wouldnt be able to function normal.

Id say depending on your body type, anything unterneath 20% is great. I personally wouldnt dip below 15% just to avoid any issues"
"Yes, but mainly because I want to eat less when I am sick.  I will still a lot of times at least track protein to make sure it's the minimum."
Savage bruh
Getting OC sprayed is the worst shit to ever happen to me. 10/10 do not recommend boys
/r/fitness be like
Yeah i’m going to need some science on that.... don’t spread bro science around these parts bro
"ahh fuckkk, i am so sorry to hear that bro. It's a bitch when you can't trust your knee(s). I dislocated mine 6 years ago and after that dislocated it again a couple of times because of it's more prone to it. Absolutely a bitch to work around but oh well lol 

sucks that you have to be paranoid about both knees wtf
I can't even imagine how crazy i would get after dislocating it on ab crunches haha"
"The supplements aren’t to blame, you’re either not eating clean or eating too much, I’ve gained 30lb and maybe 1” on my waist, because I eat mostly fast digesting meals and have a moderate surplus."
Dayumm! You'll definitely nail it.
Aromatase Inhibitors. People who use steroids may have high estrogen levels due to increased conversion of testosterone into estrogen so they need to take other drugs to reduce the amount of estrogen in the body. High estrogen levels cause to develope feminine traits like man boobs or gynecomastia.
Depression.
"How curious is bi-curious? The male g spot is in the ass, so do some sexperiments and get back to us please."
Is it really any surprise that people are dying to get out of this place?
Nice man. Good work
"that's true, but im afraid that if I start to cut I'll look like a scrawny man because I've stopped training for a bit due to my enlistment into the army"
"Worked the Think Pink/WV Grand Prix this weekend. Had a really great time and it got me really excited to get to my next prep. Being part of the NPC has given me so many opportunities to surround myself with the best and they’re all telling me how excited they are for me. Had a good conversation with one of the IFBB judges and he wants to see me at Junior USAs so I need to consider accelerating my timeline. It’s blowing my mind that I could be starting prep for my pro card run in 10-ish weeks.

And here’s me getting mogged by Brady King
https://i.imgur.com/JMpeBAh.jpg"
"Holy shit dude I feel you. A family traditional ""recipe"" my dad tought me was taking a feteera (feteer is a type of really buttery bread like thing, a regular sized one has like a thousand cals or something) and spreading powdered sugar, cinnamon and ground nuts all over it and rolling it. Shit had like 2000 calories and I would sometimes have it for breakfast, no wonder i was fat. Now I obviously never have it but I wish I could, Haha. Sorry for going into a rant lol."
"Is okay dude I once only got the memo some girl was interested in me when she called me in the middle of the night telling me she was naked on her bed telling me she needed help . I told her “ everything okay?  , do I need to call an ambulance “"
Yeah I work out at the library too
"U dont see it side by side, i guarantee there would be a large difference side by side. Chris is 6'1. Cedric who is 6'1 weighs around 270 on stage. Cbum would have to gain around 30 to 40 pounds of stage weight"
Any cheaper set of bands off Amazon anyone would recommend?
"yeah thanks!

  One of those on the ground is purely aspirational, lol

  But I do have from 15 - 125 by 10lb increments, and I love them.  Built them out with some York standard plates and some CFF Stainless 38mm handles.  Fortunately had bought most of my stuff pre pandemic, and have actually been able to re-sell chunks of it here and there and re-buy new, upgraded things for basically same cost."
Ok thanks for clearing that up. I scale certain foods for now like oats and meats. I don't have a high enough power level yet to scale all my food yet.
You forget to diet?
"Ngl I’m pretty content, but romcoms are off limits haha"
"i think ditching the strength work is a big mistake, you should be doing it. you dont bench a plate, your better off getting your numbers higher quicker so the numbers you can use for more volume are greater leading to more long term gains."
You're wrong. You're a psuedocarp.
"yes i understand that, but i'm not looking at only a muscle size POV. my form is definitely very uneven and if i continue with it it will likely cause further and further muscle imbalances and injury. I just wanted to know whether it was correct that tucked vs flared elbows provides more chest activation and therefore less stress on my shoulders and better form."
"It is, it’s more of a strength routine than anything. It’s not bad."
Yea easy solution go before work
"Damn babe, looking mad dense. 21y/o 218 is impressive as fuq"
no re**gerts**
"Hey, thanks for the feedback. I have changed it and it should be all sweet and safe now."
Ya Arnie was mad aesthetic. To me tho Shawn Ray is what a bodybuilder should be. He was bigger than the guys form 70s and 80s but have good shape and aesthetics along with conditioning.
Ok thank you!
Why you wanna go and ruin some perfectly good callouses
I'm loving it. Easiest move I've ever made in my life.
Bo has always had a mix of funny with profound introspection and toilet humor. I’m glad as he’s gotten older we’ve kind of grown with him and he’s gotten a lot further in his skill
Stunning
"It’s pretty tough to really make it in the fitness industry. Sure you can get maybe 10-20k followers if you really try, but to go above and beyond like Christian Guzman is very very tough. Everybody is doing the same thing nowadays which is the problem. Everyone is making videos of them eating and training which is incredibly boring. The guys actually pulling in views like Greg Doucette, Will Tennyson, Mattdoesfitness do fitness content, but they go above and beyond just plain old fitness."
"You look GOOD dude. You’ve got a solid shape and good insertion points.
Definitely keep going. Congrats."
Lol
I don’t want to rest. I want to be in the gym with metal blasting in my ears and getting fucking intense!
"That's a seperate genetic problem. 

Airplanes are the biggest problem though."
"Man, the news about John Meadows hurts. He was from my hometown and I used to train at the same gym in Highschool before I went to college. I never had the courage to approach him and meet him but I wish I had.

My gym’s Instagram posted about him and he was a genuine guy. They had pictures of him playing with the gym owners son as if he was his own. I never got to know him but I wish I had. RIP Mountaindog."
What flavor pizza you like best?
"That’s pretty aggressive unless you’re trying to get really lean.  My spring cuts are usually around 10-15 lbs and take 3 months.  So I’ll start in March taking it easy, then ramp up in April, and grind out May before maintaining from around Memorial Day to the 4th of July."
For the love of God don't start with tren though
Looking amazing
You're already on the path. Caloric deficit. That is how you lean out. Slowly and steadily breathing out the body fat stores.
So this year is weird because of COVID. Normally you have to place top 2 at a regional show to enter a national show. Due to the huge number of cancelled regional shows most national shows are allowing top 5 this year. So I basically just have to show up to get my NQ and then I can go on to the national level.
"Finally cut down to my goal weight. Now trying to figure out if I want to bulk back up a bit then cut again or go a little farther and get actually lean as fuck before I bulk. I think I’m still fat by dd standards, so I think I’m gonna keep cutting til I’m aesthetic as fuck. Thanks for letting me talk at you guys and figure it out"
Good shoulders and arms for only 15. Keep it up looks like you got structure to put on decent mass
"I'm sure the guy was on some sort of cycle. That doesn't detract from the hard work he put into his body at all though, don't get me wrong"
"Well depends on what division you compete in, you don’t need to be in the top 1% in terms of drug response to be competitive in classic physique but if you wanted to compete in open sure you’re rolling the dice"
Great arms.
Oh and also please work out around my fucking camera crew too
Hell yeah brother
They are absolutely huge. Not sure if that's the reason his ankles look ridiculously thin in comparison or it's the perspective of the photo.
The slingshot helps a lot with shoulder pain so it might be worth the investment. What are your numbers on bench? Are you making sure to retract your shoulder blades for the whole lift?
Only on special occasions or when I'm out with the boys. But I try not to drink too much because it's catabolic af and I have a six pack to maintain.
Problems ...
"You're over thinking it bb. If you send like 9 messages in a row then yeah it'll be weird, but 1 a response &amp; another asking her out isn't weird."
Yeah I remember that
"Last week I was really bummed about how sad my delts have gotten. Today I felt better about them and shared a pic on IG. Someone messaged me asking what I did for them and said they were gonna incorporate that :). That felt neat.

Also today I got my first pair of wireless earbuds. Tried them out just working out at home and I ended up dancing in between each set. And I felt cute in my shorts. Today was a good-feels workout :)."
oh okay
"Downvote, shame, and ostracize them so they stop"
The information here is applicable to pretty much any age. Theres young people on this subreddit - but youll find r/Gainit and r/fitness to be a little more welcoming at your age and experience i think. Good luck.
"Wow thanks the the great feedback - miscommunication, I am using insulin needles to pin my AAS everyday, I am not touching insulin itself. 

Okay so my thinking is drop the letro.

Get a better ratio of test : primo, add mast prop 4 weeks out with the tren and then the adrol, I also want to avoid using diuretic - I do thankfully get dry without them. 

It is also my first time I will be running adrol, it’s my first time doing orals in general actually. 

Would you advice leaving it out or just starting at 3 weeks and seeing how I respond?"
Blessed genetics
I’ve lost my warrior spirit. 3AM bottle feedings for baby have sucked the life force out of me. Low energy training sessions.
"Make sure to bleach your butthole, that's what GSD did &amp; look at his stars."
"No it's not and it's not supposed to be like gear it's growth hormone pretty much

In turn it would give me better sleep better recovery thus allow me to train harder and gain muscle.

If I'm wrong please correct me.

If I wanted more gear like substance I'd take rad 140 but I wouldn't take it when gear is more efficent anyway."
"So prep was rough bc I was working crazy hours getting a couple of animations out buuut. One of them I did was on the pathology of IgA Nephropathy aka Bergers Disease (apparently Chris Bumstead has this from what my friend said). 

The pharma company called up my boss's boss to tell him how gorgeous it was and how much they loved it... Nice"
Nice try! I’ll give you one anyways
"What’s the impetus for muscle growth if you do 531 with the 5s Pro instead of the + sets? With the + sets, every week you have the opportunity to make rep PRs and push yourself. But with the 5s Pro, every set should already be more than doable until you get to the third week, and even that should be doable with 5 reps, and without any + sets to really push you. I don’t get why it’s considered superior to the old version with the + sets?"
The guy sucking his dick.
Oh wow that's actually way better. Stealing.
how much creatine do u guys take? daddy noel said 5g/day but i thought that sounded a bit low?
So sick of seeing average guys complaining about not getting laid while putting 0 effort into actually being attractive. If being above average was easy it wouldn't be above average. And yes looks are not the only factor to attractiveness. I had way more female attention before i started working out and my body image issues consumed my personality
"Sorry bruv, my vivoactive was awesome tho, until it crapped out one day when I played ultimate in the rain and mud"
"Actually i look like shit, so i decided to stop drinking for 90 days"
I wanted to watch it with my friends but they roasted me for watching anime 😔
Miserable legs.
He's hardly fucking massive????? LMAO
"Is nike metcons 7 generally good to use for working out? Bench, cable, deadlift, lunge/split squat. Not into cardios"
"Man that's super cool , gonna try these in my next session , I used to do it at 45 ° angle and sure it hits more traps and upper back . My lower lats suck"
"Impressive novice physique. Right now you'll look ok pumped and bronzed.

In 10 weeks I would focus heavily on your calves, they will be the only part of your legs that show under the trunks.

I would also try to visualize what it will look like when you cut, your chest is a bit small/underdefined and your traps could use some bulk as well.

At your age and size these are totally attainable within the 10 weeks, I bet you could get there in 6 or 7 and then really focus on cutting fat."
Run a professional bodybuilding program like Creeping Death 2. Stop writing your own programming.
"No it’s possible, I am just doubting you’re actually using your obliques with the heavy weight. Drop the weight and actually isolate your obliques rather than getting assistance from the rest of your body."
"Damn son, nice hammies, and your back looks great"
So true lmao
You want quality food first man. Those come later.
There's a lot of things I really want but can't afford. Doesn't make stealing them OK.
And the really true fans talk about it so much that they know mobile devices often autocorrect the lack of a period.
"Enjoy eating so much, sounds epic!"
Thx
"Heard that retracting the scapula helps focus the pec major, but it gives trouble to my (too developed) shoulder, do you maybe know of something that could help with this?"
Loving your shape bro. Looking massive!
Pokémon cards and a shamrock shake
"Good work, chief. You can be proud of what you've accomplished; you deserve it!"
"Lol where do you think governments get their money from to pay for your free shit?  

Regardless of the finances of this particular individual, it's the policy that matters, and the policy is fucking over hundreds of thousands of small business.  Over 160,000 small business closed last year due to lockdowns. 

Just because the place where you personally work wasn't closed, you are here acting all holier than thou.  What if your work closed and you had a family to feed and rent to pay to provide a roof over your house?  Do you think governments can just afford to print money to provide enough food and rent and utilities for people to survive on for years?  

It's already been a full year of this shit.. all for a virus with a 99.X% survival rate. It's utter insanity."
Joe Dirt IV: The Shreddening
"Can Any one told me if this Is original or Fake?
BPI Sports put the word ""thermogenic"" on ir, and this one doesn't have it.

[fotos of the product](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=1AQKtj_RYc85MbWyjQRYBMy5QJmJjbgTL)

Thanks people."
"Bro, that lean body with calves like that are literally the kind of shape that I'm looking forward"
Every cut ends up being a countdown of the days until I convince myself I'm lean enough to go in a surplus again
you probably better off by yourself. I go to gym with my fiance bro and cousin.. All they do is look at there phones and mess up.my momentum
lmfao this guys prolly not even 20 and just trolling for more up votes lolol
"Ah thats good info. I know next to nothing on any type of drug like TRT, and haven't done much research because I'm still a good time period away from evenr considering usage. I appreciate the great info!"
Very good! About 140 competitors this year. Jack and Craig are excellent promoters.
Should we be impressed?
Beta bitch?
"Pretty much everyone that does competition will stay on prep. I'm 5 weeks out through a 12 week prep and haven't messed up yet.

There's diet breaks and refeed days that break up the days."
"Agreed. I don't think by showing a real, bent over, unposed body that has a roll or cellulite that obesity is being glorified."
"Trust me I wrestle and I know to be careful with bug bones and big calves. Only boxing would I have a chance if they are decent. 

But I’ve played many sports. What I’m saying isn’t a secret at all (to those who go play sports l,
Or coach )"
"Thank you! 

The event was initially INBA and Natty Revolution sanctioned but then I believe the promoter became involved with the USBF, and so the INBA parted ways. That said, I’m planning to compete in the USBF events in the future, and also awaiting some more details from the promoter - as they mentioned that a few other leagues were offering pro-cards to Overall Champions after the INBA parted ways.

So we’ll see what else is to come!"
It’s always the lat pulldown haha.
"Found the best way to do abs guys.
Go to kickboxing class and let the coach male you do it."
The Derek Zoolander mandatory pose.
"Thanks for showing us what a natty bodybuilder can achieve, and congratulations!"
Insane lats. What does your back workout look like? GL
thank you! ive been lifting for coming on four years now so its hard to see progress but im gonna keep grinding
On your left side! Your ab inserts pop nice! Do you do much ab workout?
"Yes, I walk 8 miles average every day of the year, some days it may be 6 miles, other days it may be 10-12 miles or more. depends on how i feel. But Yea, I only do full water fasts of 24-48 hours only 2-4 times a year nowadays. Usually my intermittent fast will be something like, 2 scoops whey protein for breakfast with water, then at 6:00-11:00pm I eat dinner and the rest of the days macros. Protein is easy, crockpot a couple pounds of boneless skinless chicken breasts, or tenderloins, and eat with sugarfree ketchup, or drink a pint of fairlife fatfree milk, or have a container of fatfree cottage cheese... yummmmm"
Would definitely have cereal everyday if I was able to control myself with it lmao that's the GOAT postworkout.
💯 agreed.
"I think it’s just bots or miserable people hiding behind these Anonymous profiles , but I wouldn’t lie about that man my health is so important to me I wouldn’t poison my body this bodybuilding shit is my last priority!"
Test/tren/anadrol. I have a love affair with these three compounds
Ok
"True for people who are already relatively fit, but for those clearly overweight and at a high bf% following the other rules will generally result in lower calorie consumption anyway."
"I will now do one creatine, wish me luck boys"
Delts look good
"225 bench 315 squat 405 dead, anything less than PPL will kill you

Jk. There aren't really exact strength requirements for any program. Some programs are better for beginners and some are better for intermediate/advanced lifters, but PPL is good for anyone."
Totally fine so long as its just normal soreness and light fatigue as opposed to something more substantial like the other guy mentioned.
"Yes I do, if I miss a meal I can’t eat 2 meals worth of calories my next meal"
"Yes, unfortunately this now results in either people being totally suckered into thinking an enhanced look is achievable naturally or it requires 2g of tren - with little middle ground."
"What are they like orthodox Jews? If this is something you feel like needs to ""come out"" to them you can just say they're racist."
"Yea true, but tbh, if you have a genetically blessed structure you can look amazing regardless. I strongly believe that unless you want to be an open or classic bodybuilder, 60% of the genetically relevant component is structure, then it’s muscle insertion, and then muscle building ability. Most people with even below average genetics can build a lot of muscle with time."
"I'm not dropping calories because I want too, I had to...  literally this is the worst pain I've experienced in my life, like taking a shit with thrombosed hemorrhoids is worse pain then a broken bone, has me literally screaming bloody murder lol.

I've already been lethargic since I dropped the cals, living next too a smoothie king has been a literal life saver so far."
"I think part of it is those jokes typically have some weight to them with other people. They’re said by people with a significant amount of power over the women they’re joking about and they usually go along with some allegations that have some substance to them. 

Eddie and his wife have a pretty famously happy marriage and his wife did so much to support him while he was still trying to make it so it definitely comes off as just a joke in poor taste. There are still some power dynamics involved just like any marriage, but it’s definitely different than if a famous director jokes about raping actresses."
His chest is freaky.
Then up that shit to 1.6g and GROWWWW
"I like mode but find it a little pricey, gotta nab a few when it's on sale again"
"Guys, im tired of ppl or upper lower split. I'm thinking of doing the following split: chest / back, quadriceps / legs, arms, shoulders and calves. what do you think? I have 6 days to train and I intend to repeat the first two days"
"Thanks so much for the advice man. For weight, Ive gone from 58kg to 60kg, but I reckon a lot of that is water and glycogen. Ive been mainly tracking my progress through a few photos, and the strengths of my lifts, but maybe Ill get a measurijg tape so I can check the measurements of my muscles like you said. Should I post a front double Bicep on my account as well?"
I've got this nagging injury behind my left scapula that won't go away because I'm too retarded to take a few weeks off and let things calm down. I usually sleep some way that aggravates it and when I wake up it's hurting pretty badly.
Waist difference is crazy
In all seriousness if a genie offered me the chance to have JP levels of strength but I full on piss myself after each set I’d take it in a heartbeat
"No, you're talking about Big Ramy."
First 212 champ I believe.
"Used to like Calum till he became a Coke head. Now every time I see him go off on some stupid rant, I know where it's coming from. The dude is gonna blow a hole through his nose before he puts one between his oblong head."
"My favorite version of Ramy ever was with Aceto (2016 Arnold Europe, see video here: [https://www.team-andro.com/tube/v/15809/](https://www.team-andro.com/tube/v/15809/))

And what about Shawn Rhoden and Kamal Elgargni? He's had a lot of great successes. A few failures too, but he's been willing to admit when he made a mistake like with Luke and Cedric. No coach gets it right 100% of the time. Aceto has one of the best and most distinguished track records of any coach."
I think it's the best general purpose program out there.
Ok cool
How many weeks out?  Looking great!
I definitely need to step up that area but it’s the hardest to grow for myself atleast
"""I'll inject illegal Chinese cow steroids, but not human vaccines"""
"Getting big still takes a lot of hard work and patience.  Yeah drugs cut down on the time a lot, but if today’s guys were in the 70s they’d still have become top level bodybuilders."
Great job men!
"Boyos I’m killing my training going into college but honestly he hardest part is the fact that I have to gain another 6 pounds by august and I’m already kinda uncomfortable being so fluffy. I get that throwing at the college level is a huge opportunity and I’m obviously not going to chicken out over getting hefty during the coming years but it’s hard mentally since I’m usually pretty dang lean. 


I’m supposed to come into my first year around 220 then be 230-240 in my second year and keep gaining 10-20 pounds a year until I graduate and from there hopefully I’ll be good enough to go pro but it’s a lot of eating lmao! I’m already around 4000-4500 calories minimum while trying to only walk around 5k steps. I have no issues getting the food down but it’s hard to train with that much food in my stomach"
I stole the joke. Broscience has a t shirt that says it
"My fat from this last bulk didnt bother me all that much until I started cutting.

Reddit reminded me I am an obese fatass when I posted pics and I'm now really looking forward to disposing of this fat.

 I am going to be cutting for a loooooong time lmao."
Done this? i will enjoy him attain release...
Hangovers are probably the worst gain killers for me. Nice job on pushing through it.
Add water.  It's like creamy oatmeal.  It's smoother than oatmeal.
"been real lonely out here, man."
"When I got into a car accident and quit the drinking for a few months, I started dropping weight like crazy as I was on a low carb diet which alcohol stalls, it was crazy the amount of weight I lost man. No alcohol really does make a difference...

I need to stop with the cigarettes though... 💯💪"
Now I want a cutout.
"Last night, as I was lying in bed to sleep, I practiced a kind of metta mediation of speaking a few simple mantras to myself such: 

""May you found peace and joy""
""May you find strength in yourself""

I fell asleep like that and I woke up feeling great, more content and energetic than I have recently. I am going to try it again right now and see how I feel in the morning. 

It sounds a bit cheesy but give it a try"
I’m having a hard time picturing how going for a handshake when someone goes for hug gets your hand anywhere near their bum
"That’s good dude that your mom set you up for success in this aspect. I’m actually a pretty social person, I can friend pretty much anyone, female or male. But it’s like pursuing things with girls I ain’t got no luck. I can carry a conversation about fuck all small talk with a girl but I can’t get it past that you know? I don’t got that edge"
"You can improve your lifts just by getting better mechanically without adding muscle. 

&gt;yet I’m not gaining any weight at all. I’ve been 160 pounds all month. Eating 3,000+ calories a day

&gt;Possible I’m losing fat and gaining muscle? 

yeah, and recomping is very slow."
Appreciate it!
Why do you care so much about what people remember you dunce?
Yeah puberty really helped!
What is ur cycle? Looking great
Well deserved
"That's an interesting piece of trivia, which Olympia was that? Do you have more info about what happened?"
Had the 2nd worst interaction in the gym . Had a guy literally yell across the gym saying im using too much of my traps during the pec fly ... wut?
Thanks man! Nah all good didn’t take it that way 👌
OK thanks brother. I've already hit 15 reps per set with the weights I have doing the neutral grip row so I think I'll switch it up anyway just for funzies. xx
"I'm currently doing Gamma Bomb and loving it but I will admit that you do have to be very much aware that you need to keep increasing the weight between workouts to get that progressive overload.

For example today I didn't increase my normal squat weight, though I think the hack squats balanced it out a bit."
Awesome pump today. You know it’s real when you have trouble taking the shirt off after.
Great conditioning for 8 weeks out
“We know better now” yeah. We got self respect now.
Still the best chest of all time. And some of the best biceps of all time
"Good luck. You have awesome genetics and you have obviously trained hard and smart 
Best wishes keep up the good work !"
"Protein Cake

* 1 Egg
* Scoop of chocolate whey
* 1 tbsp Stevia 
* 2 tbsp whole wheat flour
* 1 tbsp apple sauce
* 1 tsp baking powder
* 1 tbsp cocoa

Mix together in a bowl, add water until a thick batter, then microwave for around 1-2 minutes depending on your microwave.

**Nutrition facts**: 300 calories, 35g protein, 9g fat, 20g carbs.

Delicious!"
"I miss him and I didn't even know him.. at least, I never met him IRL, but based on his videos, I felt like I knew him because he was himself."
His best pose
Clean your room son.
"Man I love all the shit blessing talked only to show up looking genuinely worse than he did as an amateur 

So sick of how every bodybuilder has to play the Floyd mayweather / Conor McGregor playbook of picking a social media fight to hype their upcoming performances 


Nick walker looking phenomenal and Hassan rarely misses so it’s gonna be a great battle."
Gears of war character
Definitely an experience worth having at least once
"Fuck, guy had amazing genetics. RIP dude,"
I also use a specifically lactose free protein: isopure
he looks insane but i’m worried for him since he still has 2 weeks
Easily.
"That, is some great advice, thank you :)"
Amazing work and dedication best of luck!
I am the poster boy for starving children in Africa.
"So true, last Birthday my uncle gifted me this super ugly shirt and I didn’t really wear it until a few days ago and it’s been almost a year, shit is tight as hell around my arms, shoulders and lats/traps."
reverse curls best curls
"Like I said you’d be surprised

https://morningchalkup.com/2021/09/28/banned-substances-how-ostarine-is-creeping-into-the-supply-chain/

https://www.usada.org/athlete-advisory/growing-evidence-ostarine-athlete-risk/"
"Oh that’s a good idea, and I hadn’t even considered that. Thanks for sharing! 

What does your weekly schedule look like?

Upper
Run
Lower
Run
Upper
Run
Rest

?"
"Yup yup. Ppl are weird when it comes to this stuff. I just tell myself actions speak louder than words and people can claim they want to lose weight, but if they don’t put in the effort then they really just don’t care. Super frustrating because losing weight is really simple"
i like Russell
"ahh yeah that was for another comment lol. This one

https://youtu.be/wYREQkVtvEc"
Banana nut milkshake has my vote for best kind of milkshake
Thank you!
Sick physique. Are you doing Toronto?
If you'll excuse me it's almost time for my afternoon nap
It looks awful
"Im jealous. The only games I've played with my irl friends is jackbox.

Edit: 100% we was intoxicated. Highly recommend playing jackbox while high or drunk."
"Fuckers didn't fully get rid of my tonsils either, tf we even paying them for smh"
"Looking good, that dog cracked me up just chilling there"
Hinge is way better
"What headgear/earphones do you recommend to look like you're not interested in talking to other people? Am looking for something that is not bulky. 

I'm not looking to use it for music. Just to appear not interested in talking."
Yeah its an annoying process. As long as things keep improving and you are keeping in touch with the medical professionals youll be fine. Its a shit process tho
Super stores and retail shops everywhere cant keep going in the pandemic but there's one thing still going strong and its gear dealers
face went from model to ogre lol
Ohhhh is this opposite day? I love it!
The ON mocha is really good with ice and a splash of milk. Tastes like iced coffee to me.
"You look perfectly fine. I think people who don't look as good or are actually overweight might get a bit mad about you complaining about some ""obesity gene"". It also does make it seem a bit like you are fishing for compliments."
"Like Rich Piana said, if you’re 300lbs of muscle or 300lbs of fat you’re heart doesn’t discriminate."
Ok.
"And all three look like shit, I wish they would go back to classic physiques. Before the HGH made their intestines grow and give them Palumboism. They don’t have abs they just have enlarged organs pushing their small core muscles forward."
Its honestly probably better if you stick to that. Feeling bloated suck ass. I'm stuck [eating super autistically](https://gyazo.com/f07bde79c3233c192ed70b1a7b4f0d1e) to minimize it 😒
"Palumbo is a great coach u/NoTransportation888  he would never suggest to anyone to do that.... Side note but now being 2 years removed from that shit I look back on the situation with this outlook... That coach was very confused, and I was also an idiot for going along with it. I have been 'studying' bodybuilding since I was 14 and I knew everything he was saying was absolutely bogus and went against everything I've ever known. Basics work, don't do nothing crazy etc.   


Glad it's behind me now and working hard to come back on stage and live up to my actual potential that gut stunted due to that fuckery"
Thanks bro
To each their own but i agree. I cannot understand how people seem to think Brandon is so aesthetic.
Lol you really are a virgin
Fuck yeah! Big time goals right there.
"See that's the hard part for me to swallow ik flex has the kidney issues and the car accidents an I've also heard people say he was never at his 100%. But the problem is flex always talks abt the work he put in and how he gave his everything to it. Not to mention ronnie was one of the biggest, shredded, strongest and had 5 body parts which would be among the top 5 in any list"
"Got it, I have no swelling so it could be tendon pain.

But the pain is there when I turn my palms up or down, if they are flat then it hurts not just during eccentric."
Akim fan?
HA!
Fuck that
"Hey bro wanted to thank you for the advice. 

Had one last question 

So if my maintence is at 2497 according too tdee calulator, and I burn 500 by walking and steps I should be consuming 2497 to be in a deficit?"
Haven’t heard of it but I’ll check it out; thx bb
No. Anyone asking this question is nowhere near advanced enough to not be able to grow new tissue while dieting
"What, did this sub suddenly become straight?"
Lats and serratus are nuts!
"A few of my friends have online stores but they just started. In my business classes tho, we learned you gotta have a business plan before anything else.

Who is your target audience? How much is this going to cost you in both the short &amp; long term? How are you going to enter your market? Is your market already saturated or is your product something new? Is your business model sustainable? Etc.

You basically gotta make sure people will buy your product at a price you can afford to sell &amp; make sure you're not overpricing or underpricing yourself."
Agreed 100%
r/steroids would be the better sub reddit
"I still prefer to do two really hard straight sets on the big lifts, cause I never really focused specifically on bench I wanna actually hit 225 some day."
Can anyone recommend some arm workouts for growth? My arms are always lagging during my offseason while everything else gets noticeably bigger
I want to believe
Thanks my man! And yeah should definitely take the rest day. I'm also going to train this Saturday with some friends I haven't seen in a while and that workout will be a killer so gotta be rested for that.
Hope you do well!
What an epic transformation. Care to share tips?
I had two today and had no issues lol if anything it helped me
I disagree and think most do . However if i were to play devil advocate i would say that unless your 250-300lbs at 0.33% bodyfat . No one on the forums talks with you on any of this and just spams (12 weeks 500 test)
lockdown workouts fucking suck. How the hell am I supposed to train legs when the most weight I have available is 18lb dumbbells?
Love the lats bro
you kinda look like Filthy Frank bro
Looking great man! What size is your waist??
hopefully he deletes himself
"That's great, but how on earth can you measure ""exploding gains"" in a one week time period?"
Thanks! Will get my hands on them asap
"Could be worse. During the black plague, they'd have bricked you into the house and set armed guards at the doors and windows. They'd come get your bodies in a few days."
Yes that's the only possible spot. Open guys display this often.
This is the dumbest fucking class.
"All kidding aside good luck with it, I think yesterday you were saying your chances looked slim, hopefully you can pull through and if not you've still got literally every other sport + drumline anyways as a backup!"
You sound like a dick
Ohh thank you
Lol
Irrelevant if he’s in jail. A prison meal would feel like starvation to a body builder lmao.
Exaclty my point. America is that bad
Just trying to make sure he puts together his best package to do battle on the stage of thongs.
"Oh damn, imagine seeing the 5 foot frame of a sigma god tren raging towards you. Must be a terrifying sight."
Couple hundred more calories? You’re good my guy don’t stress it so hard
Weed is a godsend for my bulk. Helps me relax mentally before bed and let's me eat enough calories to put on weight. Legit don't know what id do without it.
Better learn fast then
"I’m a 19 year old overweight guy who’s looking to get into lifting for aesthetic purposes. I’ve been recovering from a lower back lumbar stress fracture for the past year which was caused from playing basketball. Recovery has been slow but I am feeling much better compared to where I was a year ago.

Getting lean and building muscle has been a big goal of mine these past couple years and this injury has delayed that, I’m still waiting on the all-clear from my physio before I step into the gym though.

I’m still a complete novice when it comes to lifting and was planning on following this routine:
 https://www.google.com.au/amp/s/amp.reddit.com/r/Fitness/comments/37ylk5/a_linear_progression_based_ppl_program_for/ 

I was wondering what some good alternatives were for the deadlift, squats and Romanian deadlift as these these put a lot of strain and pressure on my lower back and would like to avoid them until I’m completely healed in that area. 

Also, I’m very worried about doing anything legs-related in fear that I’ll mess up my lower back anymore. Is it ok if I stick to cycling regularly instead of leg-oriented weightlifting exercises at first?

Any tips would be much appreciated, thank you!"
"What's your long ass flair say?

&gt;My life may not be perfect, but at l..."
Gotta take off your pants to get your dick wet bro
Lol that’s gold … Kuk-lo … kuclo seems to be a nice guy though but that woman may have cucked him who knows…
Appreciate the support man
"Hey mate, I'm alive yeah! Been taking a general mental break, failing to cut left me somewhat disappointed with myself and things related to bodybuilding were kind of a reminder of that.

Been taking some weeks of relaxing and letting my body and mind recover, and getting to enjoy training again, definitely doing better now! Thanks for remembering bro :)"
How do I stop feeling cable pullover in my triceps?
"Wow dude! Way to keep pushing against all odds! Looking phenomenal, wish you the best at your show"
I'm sorry man :(
"Okay then im probably just completely talking shit 🤣🤣
Thanks for the shout 😄"
Damn. X really did give it to him.
"Just say no homo  



Jokes"
"Sweet, thanks man

&amp;#x200B;

Are you stillg etting good gains?"
"Edging is also pretty bad mentally.  Worse than just finishing IMO.  Assuming you're using porn of course.

Watching porn for 30 minutes and not getting any relief is a good way to develop porn addiction and end up like Larry Wheels."
"This was an amazing answer, thank you"
Glad to see you’re still around!
"How can you be this arrogant? What the fuck do you know about someone elses life? As an advanced lifter myself I dont see anything crazy in his physique, he looks sick but it doesnt scream steroids. This type of mindset will get you nowhere"
"Again, I appreciate an actual response. 

I have seen the hype of ‘lifelong damage’ or other similar threats. It hasn’t been around but about a year so it’s pretty hard to say it’s going to leave long term effects. Long term hasn’t even happened yet.

So I still don’t see a solution. And what we are arguing about is this video here and this insane authoritarian bullshit that people seem to condone. Currently we don’t have a solution to it. And lockdowns do very little to help. We have a vaccine and if you wanna take that then go right ahead. 

So then what? Penalize people for trying to live? There’s a lot of data to suggest the lockdowns have been every bit as deadly as covid. So like I said to the other guy, let people live their lives. If they wanna stay home then go ahead. Keeping everyone locked down to slow trickle the virus through the population doesn’t fix anything.

So awful, terrible people like me are saying - fuck living in fear. And even more so, fuck allowing the government(s) absolute control over our freedoms. Stop hiding every time the news tells us to, and go out and live your life if you want. 

The people that sit online and try and guilt everyone for ‘not taking this seriously’ are permitting the erosion of everything that makes us human. There are record suicides and calls to suicide hotlines from 2020 as a result of lockdowns, people losing their businesses, domestic disputes and violence, kids not being able to go to school or see their friends, and it goes on and on. 

https://chapterland.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/13/2017/11/US_FactsFigures_Flyer.pdf

It’s easy to seem virtuous saying the bumper sticker slogan ‘stay home, stay safe’ and other shit like ‘I wear masks for the safety of others’. (There is just as much data to say masks don’t work as there is data to say they do.) What doesn’t seem virtuous is mentioning the obvious truth that there will be death and we each have to determine what we want our level of risk to be. The is part of the beauty of actual free countries. This is why all speed limits are not set at 25mph. People that are interested in limiting others’ freedoms for the sake of their own feeling of safety are not to be trusted and should not be given power because they surely will abuse it."
Party tip tell people you don’t workout it’s way more impressive to people that you just look like that
You're an idiot.
Im sure there are subs for that.
You always Astound me with how huge and incredible your physique looks !!!! 🔥🔥🔥💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻🏆🏆🏆 Love this angle for flexing posing showing off your great physique!!!!
Thank you
U have funny nipples lol
Will try this out with my sweet potato tmr!
"There are some great videos from MPMD speculating on this topic, Arnold has always been evasive on this topic. It's likely because his physique blew up at 16.."
"The only weak points in my opinion are his calves and glutes, mid section and conditioning a little off but for sure this man could definitely be top dog in the near future."
What are your favorite row variations?
Lol you can still be fat on steroids. Plenty of them make you hold even more water weight.
"Yeah, the lighting and my conditioning are dogshit, my arms are measured 16.5 inches though"
"Natural or natural now?

https://www.reddit.com/r/Brogress/comments/kbc7lr/m22511_130lbs_to_180lbs_6_years/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf

You actually got negative results since doing steroids apparently…"
best day
"I actually know of a great method for fat loss with 99% less sides and risk than HGH. Also, it is proven to be 100% effective and has been used by every successful bodybuilder in the world.

Cut your caloric intake, doofus."
"Lol no, a lot of the men’s physique pros do not have “huge legs”, most of them would need to put in some serious work if they ever wanted to switch to classic or BB. There’s a few guys like Brandon, and I think Caike who have decently developed legs at least to the point where I can respect them for training them decently hard. But make no mistake, it’s less work and less intense to do physique, and you literally don’t have to train legs hard..if you think that didn’t play a role in some of these guys choosing physique then you don’t know what you’re talking about. Any “real” respectable BBer I know takes great pride in their leg training and leg development because bar none, training legs truly hard is the most difficult/painful part of training in BBing and you can usually easily tell who busts their ass on leg day and who doesn’t. 

You also don’t need to push food as hard or drugs as hard(although I’m sure a lot of these huge physique guys are probably pushing drugs plenty hard at this point since they look practically like 212 BBers) and I think in general you can get away with having more fun and a lower level discipline in the off season compared to a BBer. What you can get away with is definitely somewhat predicated on your genetics, I mean I know as BBer that if I wanted to do physique it’s be SIGNIFICANTLY easier, and I could probably get away with a lot of partying in the off season and saying “eh I don’t really want to force feed this meal today” and still be perfectly fine in terms of my muscularity for physique(I mean, I’d also have to lose some muscle to begin with but). I’m not saying these physique dudes at the O don’t work hard, I know they do, but don’t get it twisted…a lot of them don’t have big, well developed legs and it’d be a significant amount more work if they hypothetically wanted to make the switch to BBing, it’s just straight up more difficult and requires a different level of work ethic, and discipline, and consistency."
"My go-to cheat meal atm is to tear up a rotissery chicken and toss that in a frying pan with some butter and hot sauce and then have that in a seared brioche bun

Honestly, I could probably leave out the butter 😅"
This is all pretty standard common knowledge than any trainer would a dime would give you.
"&gt;bottom are p versatile

Heck yeah we are"
"why not try going down? might as well go for 19/20 yos.

proceed w caution tho."
"Nice job man, bring it home!"
"Lmfao the downvotes, this sub deep throats cbum 24/7

id love to see Peter take it, but he needs more leg mass"
Unfortunate lat insertions but otherwise a sick physique.
WTF is up with this schwanz? And nothing like shitty barely legal sex.
"I would recommend prolonging your bulk, based on where you are now. Keep up the hard work!"
"Oh man my fat fingers, yeah did mean to type common"
Yeah it's rare to see lighting this good on stage.
"Because of work ill only be able to hit the gym for maybe less than 45 minutes for chest and back. It normally takes me almost double that, any recommendations for the best bang for my buck? I was thinking of just supersetting incline db press with incline db rows for crazy high volume."
Hmmm thanks learned something new
"itll be worth it once u hit it, shit felt better than when i hit 275 lol"
When it starts feeling heavy without one.  It used to be any time over 2 plates.  Now I'm stronger and the belt goes on at about 4.  Or if it's going to be a high rep set e.g. 335x5 won't get a belt but 335x10 will.  Wrist wraps start going on at about 20 lbs after the belt.
"Literally started 3 weeks ago, injured wrist 5 days ago. Muscle was fine but forearm still impossible to use well rn. Was like 7 centimeters long split like w vagina. They said should be no permanent damage or loss of function in fingers. Getting stiches out in 3 days but wont know when I can go back to 100% for a week or 2. Whoever reported to reddit for me cutting myself i appreciate it but i cut it on a glass of Guinness so"
and what varicose veins lol... wtf is OP smoking
Thank you boss most definitely
"Honestly, just embrace them.  You've already got them.  Chances are they'll get a bit worse over the years."
Might have to try some more. I just like the more paste-like consistency of siracha than the more watery hot sauces like Frank's
😂😂😂😂😂😂 honesty
"What was your diet like, how calories anf macros"
"yeah uhh you sound like you dont understand homeostasis and some finer aspects of human metabolism/physiology. thats fine, but realize whatever you take in is hopefully what your body needs. building muscle doesn't take just protein (it can because protein can be used for fuel or broken down and the energy from stored in fat). but it's easier to provide building blocks and fuel. if you're fat then likely you're ok to drop calories. 2000 drop is excessive given a normal person should be eating about this much daily. so unless you normally eat 6000 calories then no I would not drop 2000 like that. you'lll feel like ass and it'll make working out harder. when ppl cut they don't make the deficit so large otherwise they will lose muscle as well."
"Doing incline bench, missed the hook on my last rep and dropped the bar on my face… what a way to start the day!"
Nah only this page
"Cable Straight Arm Pulldowns, Cable V Bar Pulldowns, and Hammer Grip Pullups. Definitely work in Deadlifts because those help tremendously."
Man thank you so much. I’m not worthy.
Hard to calculate when using real beans. I’m only have two caffeinated drinks a day so probably not going over that.
"Ramyun noodles, better not friend this is very very dangerous to eat."
"Reddit is a really gross place with the single exception of small hobby subs. This sub and a few crypto investing subs are the only reason I am still on reddit. Oh and r/Silverbugs because of course I want to see the shiny.

The worst part is I am starting to wonder if the 'empty internet' conspiracy is kind of true, and lots of what we see and read are bots posting to swing public opinion on stuff."
"You look good man, good luck at nationals!"
"Maybe a silly question but can i continue to run a 4 day program 3 days a week like below?

Monday: Squats &amp; Bench

Wednesday: Deads and OHP

Friday: Squats &amp; bench

Monday: Deads and OHP

I've been doing Monday Tuesday, Friday Saturday a lot and I enjoy these pairs the most but for the next few months i gotta cut down to 3 days. Do i need to swap to a more dedicated 3 day program or will this allow me to still progress as i should?"
"If you got a problem with Canada gooses, you got a problem with me, and I suggest you let that one marinate."
Agree
"I thought all those muscles acted like a radiator, cooling you more efficiently than us small-folk."
Apparently its okay to add water to the bottom of a shampoo bottle for extra uses but i do it to ketchup and im called crazy?
"Idk what she does now, but considering shes competing drug tested Powerlifting now ill bet she does.

[She and her boyfriend also went out of their way to mention the natty status, thats honestly what i personally have a bigger problem with.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuvqON8B5AA)

Dont mention it - fine.

Go out of your way to claim it -  Douche."
"My gut says Ramy wins but I want Brandon to take it. Ramy is just a freak, but Brandon flows like no one else. Brandon looks like a 80s-90s caliber bodybuilder with this physique. Tons of muscle but still flows"
Definitely. Only reason im watching climbing videos
"It's true, it's a dedicated slut sorta lifestyle lol"
Just because the benefits taper off after 1g/lb doesn't mean you have to avoid it lol
"KILLER BOOTS, MAN!"
Are you retarded? How do you buy steroids?
"Politely ask the shot to just stop and let you feel better, it's not able to make you feel bad unless you give it consent to do so."
"😱😱😱😱 oh god 😱😱😱😱 what do you think the public will do when they find out about what they wear on stage!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?

It’s bodybuilding, not a fashion show, I don’t think these guys really care if people think they look funny with their pants around their ankles."
"I hope everyone has a great friday.

Keep your spirits up, stay positive, be honest, and kill your lifts."
Looking amazing beautiful smile
Its piss
"If he wants to have fun and compete along the way, what’s the problem? He gets experience and may make connections/friends/community all while doing something he enjoys."
Good mornin´everybody never been so early. Still no used to be awake this early but it feels good in a certain way.
"Oh my, wow, you're upset. Yes, spell it out for me, what the fuck does his korean accent have to do with this?

Imagine interrupting a stranger in the gym and asking THEM to come help YOU, and then being a racist little pussy about it and complaining about them online behind their backs rather than thanking the guy and maybe making a suggestion on how he can improve for the next person he spots for.

You're a piece of shit dude"
"Dude no way, look at how peeled he is. If he is great genetics then he's only on sarms. Most likely Tren and winny."
A girl can dream
"Yeah Breon is for sure taking it this year!
/s"
"We actually have no idea if he died because of steroids. His heart issues were genetic, if I recall correctly."
"This is the most mature comment I’ve ever see on a freak out Friday, sounds like you have a good head on your shoulder good luck dude!"
"Wait what lol...how in the actual fuck are you on Mast/tren/var/halo/winny/proviron AND (likely) have tanked e2 and still that soft, especially from the rear? Id be hella grilling my source about his shit if I were you, usually in no more than 1-1.5 weeks on just Tren/mast(sometimes Halo) and my backside (especially) quickly starts to look like a dug out piece of granite."
No it’s more than that.
Truly amazing where you can find royalty nowadays! I will send you my info ASAP. Keep me updated on your progress.
I'll go with equal then since it's cheaper haha
"Hey I’m invested in the improvement of your walk lol. It just took me aback when you originally talked about having to work on it, cause it’s something that I’ve never considered.

Also wtf I didn’t know you were with BA"
What the fuck is this video
"What a freak of nature. 63 still has his legs, chest &amp; midsection totally intact."
Lol. I dont want a divorce.
What song do you play when you bout to hit your PR? Mine is master of puppets by Metallica shit just gets me hyped
"Was stuck at a 495 DL for months and last week just randomly went to 515 on a whim, and got it easily...was so confident that I went for 525 and it also went right up with just a minor amount of hitching the last 10% of the way.

It wasn't even like I started bulking or something; if anything, I was eating a bit less than usual that week.

Sometimes it just be that way, I guess."
"I am not trying to be a dick, but I'll be a dick. 145 lbs... so 66-7 kg at 179 cm is underweight lmao

Get on a bulk, build muscle, stop crash dieting. Being natty isn't an excuse to be 66kg at 179 cm, start eating, start lifting heavy ass weights."
"It seems like every Old school bodybuilder has a pretty underdeveloped Vastus Lateralus not sure why, modern bodybuilders have much more leg density"
Start using some brave heart style body paint. Distract them instead
"Nice man, look forward to seeing you even more leaned out"
"I quit strength after been doing it for 7 years . And I’m now back to hypertrophic goals.

I forgot how nice it is to feel swollen."
LOL nah bro you just don’t give up. Holy shit lmfaooooo
I wanna suck on his pecs.
He had a herniated disc since he played football in college; he accomplished everything with a herniated disc.
FUCKING SICK HAMMYS BRO!!
thanks broskie. i’m actually talking to her about it now. so many lies being thrown at my face still it’s insane. even when i have the proof. thank you for the kind words my friend.
"Not only that, but each nap is 2 hours long lol"
Goddamn I love our conversations bb
Right on! Thanks for the follow up!!!!
I was just discussing his injury with one of my powerlifting friends at the gym earlier this week and we talked about how we expected him to get better and make a comeback. Terrible news! Rest peacefully sir!
"You had me in all three halves, nice!"
Then do that? You don’t owe her shit bro
"No because if you work like this, you end up overcapped and don’t get paid for overcapped shit you do. Been there, done that."
"Bulking shouldn’t be an excuse to get fat, too many guys seem to make this mistake and then have to do a long harsh cut where they lose much of what they gained in the bulk. Yeah during a bulk you’ll add a bit of body fat but if you got “fat” during a bulk you screwed up IMO."
"No test base? 

Bold strategy, Cotton."
Your blood pressure must be through the roof. Get a lipid panel and then cry yourself to sleep because you might be having a heart attack soon.
Why does this comment smell like sexism
Don’t bother going if you’re mindset is like this bro. Insane to care this much about what others think. And if you’re doing this for pussy its even worse
Oh shit he goes there? I'll keep a lookout lol
"Lmao at whoever downvoted you. You’re living a balanced life and enjoying yourself, I 100% agree with you. I would rather have some fun nights of drinking and cheat meals vs being strict and never being able to enjoy myself with friends or at parties"
Nah I'm going to countinue to recklessly endanger myself with form that isn't approved by Alan Thrall or whatever beginner YouTube guru is in vogue
Love hate love
Bruh lookin like he need a haircut
"I’m really surprised at how little sets of direct delt work  there are during the week, but they’re high rep and high intensity."
Shoot for the stars man
Any recommendations for good pairs of casual shorts available online for guys with bigger legs? Ideally something 7-8” inseam. Thanks
Hard to imagine the varicosities won’t be a health problem as he ages.
Yeah that wouldn't be very traditional and conservative of you.
"Thanks mate! I appreciate it.

My arms measured at 14.7 inches a few weeks back, they will likely be slightly less now."
"I just want to let you know, that regardless of what place you come in, you fucking crushed it, dude. You put in hours and hours of hard work and determination, and it shows. Well done."
He does not. He spews a *lot* of bullshit. Maingaining being no exception.
"That barely sounds like a compliment, ""a final layer of fat""??

Maybe there's a better way to word what you're trying to say..."
"Yea something around 215-220 for sure. I’m not concerned with weight because that’s the wrong mentality. As long as I’m under the cap and look the part then it’s game time!

If anything I’m super pleased with how good I look at a low weight. Forever I was worried that going below 240 would make me look small. All that’s happened is that I look even more badass, and I have to eat less lmao"
"Wrong sub homie, try r/steroids"
"Was going to say the same. OP looks great and his transitions are really nice and smooth, but the fact that no pose is held longer than half a second kind of ruins it for me. As important and often overlooked as the transitions are, it's still called posing and you should really hold a pose for at least a couple of seconds. As it is, it reminds me of Jason Genova, the fastest poser in the west."
I avoided dumbbell rows for so long because the first year or so I started lifting my MMC sucked ass with them. but now that I know how to properly contract muscles all I want to do is db row on pull days
"Can only use gamma bomb as an example since its the only program of his I ran and im not gonna parrot.

Gamma bomb is about training hard and progressing volume. He asks you to beat the log book from last week throughout the program on certain exercises with weight and reps too but thats not the main goal."
"Your an idiot, you don't want thicker. If your going into body building, you want cut. Can't even see an outline of obliques on him. Stupid fuck"
Pull thru and I’ll hook u up. Free planet fitness water bottle on the house too 😏
"&gt;SARMs, at least for now, are stupid in almost any case.

They are also not what they claim to be half the time because they are unregulated research chemicals not intended for human consumption"
"Feel like I'm either studying, working , or in the gym and my schedule is pretty much that every single day."
How much does the WC actually taste like white chocolate? Been thinking about picking that one up
"Right Sorry I just re-read it again.

You’re supposed to stay there for 3 sets and the 3rd is the drop set.

Week 2 you do 4 sets of 8 no drop set. So yeah it’s just typed awkwardly for week 1.

But do 3 sets of 8 at the top weight. I think the 65/75x8 was a typo"
cut and smash
Best way to train calves? Lol one of my weakest body parts. I hear training them with lots of weight and doing them first in the routine helps a lot but anything else?
Looking like im about to go on stage in an hour a month before I go on stage is goals
Joking in the DD. Believe it or not. Jail.
Will be pro card worthy at 100% peak
At least she’s giving you another shot
"Solid advice thank you very much. I’ve never had anything against machines but always saw it as critical to use free weights.

Your reasoning is obviously sound, I guess I just have to get out of my own head with traditional lifts. Obviously nothing with with traditional lifts but I can see brining in other things to switch up training and allowing for different stimulus. 

Thanks!!"
"If it's seaside NJ go to Jersey shore fitness in bradley beach, looks like a cool place."
"Well I lied in a previous comment…I have a little more energy to give to this just because you’re a prick.

I want to point out to a certain individual that a 5 minute google search on women caring about height yielded some interesting results. It seems that based on what I read in a few studies/articles, 48-55% of women prefer to date taller men. So that leaves you with 45-52% of women who don’t care about it as much as you think. So the common denominator here is YOU bud. Stop blaming everything else for your problems and get some help. Or if you want to keep living your life that way, by all means go right ahead."
I also have super long bicep insertions. Some people shit on me for it and some people think it makes my biceps look massive. A blessing and a curse for sure.
"Am I the only one that really dislikes the beach? Like yeah, taking your shirt off and being bigger and leaner than most the people there can be a decent ego boost, but you literally just swim, play beach sports, or sit in the sun and get burnt to a crisp. Much rather explore or spend some time doing a less mundane activity."
"yep, i'm progressing on PPL. i'm not sure which one would be an optimal program. because I keep hearing it's optimal to hit each body part at least twice a week which PPL does."
"Only halfway through, but great tips so far. 

""Just do fewer reps, or, hey, here's an idea, fucking get stronger!""

I love how he's a PhD who uses all these multisyllabic words, and also curses, yet still says ""tummy"" lmao."
"Really solid back dude, next offseason hit those triceps and hamstrings hard. Very well balanced overall though."
"What do you like best when you see someone fit? What do you thing strong looks like? Focus on that area. 
Look up Dr. Mike israetel. He's a strength training genius and a bro. Should check him out if you want to be serious one day. Don't worry though it's a slow crawl to jacked. Its not going to happen fast ve patient and don't be too hard on your self early on."
I don't get this. I think he has a great mid section
LOL i saw the swords and thought this waa going to be a r/cosplay post
I was just shitposting lol I know all the trackers are wildly inaccurate
"Is it worth it to prioritize lagging body parts while on a deficit, or should I be focusing on getting my total volume of hard working sets across the board and wait until my next gaining phase for selective targeting? My arms, front, and side delts can afford to be put on the backburner as my chest/back/legs are my focus for growth atm. I was considering just running an Arnold split 5 days a week without the second arm/shoulder day."
"lmao I didn’t recognize him at first, he really looks like a completely different person. That’s some Mike O‘Hearn level of fake nattyness, maybe his parents are feeding him trenbolone sandwiches without him realizing it"
Clearly insinuating they’re too small
"Honestly my arms aren't small but they're not big either, only compared to normies. My delts though, different story."
Im running CD1 and love it. About to finish it up in 3 weeks
Oh sweet thanks man
haha
"ÎFROM ME IMAGINATION IS POWERFUL ....INSTEAD OF GIVING YOUR SELF REASONS WHY YOU CAN’T, YOU CAN GIVE YOURSELF REASONS WHY YOU CAN...RR

??"
Oh. :( well how much you do for reps than lol
Wow! Amazing work!
Thank you!
"28 days, not weeks. Thanks for the help!"
"Wtf 25g fat/day? I can't think of any combo with what you listed, even with the leanest meats the ends in 25g per day."
abuse stimulants
"I’m not particularly a fan, I just see very very very few kids that look like this at 18. PEDs or not."
"Any natural bodybuilders want to take a look at my routine for fun, just a simple arm specialisation routine.

Monday, overhead barbell press 5X5 (adding weight each set, mainly interested in lifting more weight here), barbell curls, 2 warm up sets of 10 then 2 hard work sets of 8-10. Skull crushers (same sets and reps as curls). Finish with barbell wrist curls and reverse wrist curls 2 hard sets of 15-20 each.

Tuesday is just barbell Rows and squats, 5X5 same as overhead presses.

Wednesday off

Thursday, same as Monday except I do standing tricep extensions instead of skull crushers.

Friday, same as Tuesday.

Saturday and Sunday off."
"i’d do whatever basic shit for a week or 2 then tell him have fun and do your own thing. both lift at the same time, work in if you’re doing the same thing/spot for each other, but otherwise run your own shit. doesn’t work super well otherwise imo"
"Damn straight man, luckily my breaks were never a year but with the half arsed training a lot of the time they might as well have been."
"Has she done blood work? The Chronic stress probably isn’t helping, especially when coupled with lack of sleep"
"Honestly whatever is cheap and pretty pure. Myprotein, bulk etc."
Train legs like a mad man brother!
"Thanks for the tip on weighted external rotation. I don't find a problem with it during lifts at all, but recently it's started feeling extra loose, like it's.... slipping? Just throughout the day. I did shoulders yesterday and it felt completely fine though.

I always have to sort of shrug/roll/pop my shoulder back into place it feels like. Do you do the same?

Did you get it professionally looked at?"
Nice. Rack pulls helped my DL explode when I plateaued. Just do them dead stop and your lower back and spinal erectors will get much stronger.
"Does it really matter?   I mean, ok... I get it but this is why I asked about meds and doses.  Dude is pushing 60.  TRT that takes him to a test around 500 (late 30s / early 40s) is, in my mind, kinda still natty.  TRT taking him to 1200?  Yeah, that's just juiced.    


I guess I kind of look at it like most sports leagues.  TRT is fine if it is keeping you within normal levels.  TRT that takes you over the top?  Not cool."
"&gt;I worry mainly about my genetics

Worst thing you can do, ""worry"" about you can control, and worry shouldn't really be the word, more like act upon what you need.

At this point your issue was that you went too far with your bulk, so you went on a cut, it's being successful for what can be seen. You're on track to improve what you have to improve, nothing to worry about mate."
AE flexy boys are best boys
Just from this one pic I feel like his quads and traps need some work but the potential is there for sure.
"Crazy that you think your physique is admirable lol and you’re on gear 🤣 embarrassing. You look like a natural who starved themselves. Horrible biceps, tiny legs, narrow back, blocky waist, skinny firearms. You will never be an olympia jsyk but I guess you can keep dreaming also look at your recent pic, you’re telling me that’s not a receding hairline? Do your counterfit steroids make you delusional also??"
"Haha that last sentence is where I’m worried.

Yeah to be honest I can admit I generalized the entire genre(?) based off that weird shit. Fucking hentai and weird ass shows and such, or dudes Naruto running IRL lmao.

But I’m definitely more keen to it now. I’ve even convinced my girlfriend they’re not that weird (though no shot she watches any of it).

And yeah that makes sense about FMA it sounded way too familiar."
Honestly i don't think anyone would be interested
You look great - no doubt. But please for the sake of zyzz and Rich Piano: practice your posing - your wasting your potential
"Sugondese is a fine alternative, as well."
Well no but now it doesn't sound nearly as cool
Oh ya he's definitely in the debate
I would have committed a racially motivated hate crime on that pussy
Ok
Wow. Its been months and you're still obsessed with me lol. FYI I'm 30lbs heavier than when I started
"I need help Building my adductors and inner thighs, any tips or couple exercises to start isolating them or building? I pressume Deadlift and side lunges but need more! thanks"
Amazing job!!! That’s a great accomplishment! My only advice is to work on holding the poses a bit longer. Really give the judges time to admire what you’ve built.
"Hey man I really appreciate all this. At the moment I train each muscle group three times a week. I do a 6 day cycle, doing back and shoulders mon, wed, fr; then chest and arms tues, thurs, sun. 

I’ve never really found fatigue to be an issue, no matter how hard I workout, I don’t feel it the next day. It’s probably helped by the fact that I’m 18, eat at least 150g of protein day and get 8hrs of sleep a night. The reason I don’t train legs at the minute is that I work in physically intense job, and I only really fatigue from leg exercises, and I don’t want it to affect my job performance. 

With regard to the shoulders being a limiting factor in training chest due to fatigue, it wasn’t something I’d experienced but more of a hypothesis. But your comment about retracting the scapular was certainly very helpful. 

But the program I use at the moment is definitely one of my own creation, and it has changed massively and will continue to do so as I try to do what best fits my needs. 

Funnily enough I had a hunch about the training things first to help their development. 

Thank you for all your advice, I really appreciate, if you’ve got any more, especially about my split, I am more than happy to hear it. I always appreciate any solid advice I can get"
Man still looks like he’s killed a few people. Lmao
Sarcasm ?
Everything has been moving up over the cut. Gonna try and see how close i can get to peak-bulk numbers.
Jesus Christ that sounds like something you'd only see in a sitcom
Great balance of leanness and size. One of the best on this thread. Great work!
Miles better than Wandavison so far.
Man how small is your deficit if 225 a day makes you gain?
"Right on. Perhaps say hi or strike up a conversation with him next time you see him. He seems like a nice guy.

Also, how big is he in person?"
Upvote for excel
"Maybe at somewhere like McDonalds or WalMart it's stupid, but at somewhere like an office job *with a respectable company*, they will give you prior notice about a layoff and oftentimes include a severance package. 

Putting in 2 weeks is a great way to avoid burning bridges in case you need a reference or letter of recommendation in the future."
you seem pretty fucking stupid so you should probably start with learning to think in general
Funny cause all the faculty at my community college cared way more about student success than university professors ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Lol no 5'4
"5-10 years? Skinny fat? Rip

Have fun blasting off tho, first time by the sounds of it?"
"Anyone else like to take premade dinners and just add protein?

Like I get chicken tikki masala from Trader Joe's and then add 12 oz. plain chicken breast and cook it in a saucepan. Flavor is amazing, macros are great, prep time is minimal.

Anyone have any similar prepackaged meal hacks?"
"Lookin huge my dude, protect your heart! That’s what stopped me from getting bigger past 235. But for real my guy, keep pushin it!"
"you could also extend the cut but do the 2 week deficit 2 week maintenance diet thing. easier to maintain, fat loss still comes relatively well."
"Nice, I've heard the Expanse series is super good. I tried to get into the TV show but it lost my interest, I'm sure the books are way better of course.
  
Currently reading Armor by John Steakley. It's like Starship Troopers without the politics and the violence/PTSD cranked to 11 lol."
"Totally. As with everything in fitness, I think the answer is ultimately ""try it and see if it works for you""."
"Lmao true af, people are desperate now. Including myself. God i just want to touch a weight..."
Wish I would ever look like that...
I clearly misunderstood. I thought you meant subs like r/distantsocializing.
Nice work bro! Keep up the amazing work!
"yeah the context matters bro, i get what u friggin mean

i don't want to post PRIVATE dms here in a public forum obviously, it's between me and him.

honestly i kinda regret posting this, but i was just so frustrated, i've been pouring my heart out to him for weeks now and he barely responds"
"i have plenty of friends, that's why i'm not going on a stage in front of strangers to get attention"
"I will never take for granted my years working in kitchens, having seen this ""how do you make chicken taste good"" discussion on repeat."
I definately hate how easy it is for your form to go to shit.
Muscles look great. Cut the mustache
No there’s not
What do you look like?
Got to love when heavy singles come around. Keep killing it man
I found gorilla mode pretty lackluster.
"Eddie Hall is a retired strongman, not a powerlifter"
"I have a FitIndex one I purchased off Amazon. I also have a Hypervolt, I think they're equally as good. FitIndex is cheaper."
"next time you feel like being a big ole tough guy and lobbing insults, try to remember you aren't such a mental giant..let me give you a piece of advice, insulting someone  when you reply to them, ends any sort of productive discussion. it just leads to more insults, exactly like you did..so long story short..either learn to be less crass or continue to believe calling someone a pussy, will get them to so what you want..sure when you get cucked it works on you, but for everyone else? not so much..doubt you will follow the advice, just like i doubt you can read or comprehend what I am writing, but miracles do happen..you have a great night, right before you finish fucking off..

man I haven't had this much fun speaking someones language for ages..than god I am fluent in it..when you need some more lesson, you look me up..give it a couple days though, there is a long line to tap your GF ass and I dont feel like being behind the football team."
"Just go to failure , lower volume"
"Tinder fucks you up, approaching girls irl is much more rewarding but obviously takes some actual balls.

When my ex got back on Tinder (asian solid 8 in scandinavia) she had like 600 likes within the first hour..."
"I mean there are a lot better &amp; safer ways of doing this. Sorry, but doing what you've told is totally not recommended &amp; pretty dangerous. 
Simple things like use of more isometric exercises, dumbbells while pressing, using one arm and a time &amp; really feeling the muscles on adduction exercises (flys, crossovers) will get the work done. Doing these consistently over time will surely even out the chest.
Its always the simple things my brothers"
"People can enjoy whatever they want just as much as I can have opinion on what they enjoy

Getting shit faced and saying ""omg let's get fucked up"" is cringe and being a degenerate. You dont need liquid courage to have a good time.

My girlfriend's friend group does this every weekend and when we first started dating I tagged along 10+ times. Doesn't make any sense how slurring your words while sitting in a bar is fun."
"Cry more, genetics in bodybuilding is EVERYTHING. Stay mad , truth hurts"
"It's weird, some things from the last year and change feel so long ago, and others few not so long ago."
Nah I’ve seen 12 yr old girls with better back development. Time to throw in the towel kiddo
Still a bitch lmao
Awesome. You've done amazing so far. All the best for your next competition bro
"Neither.  Your options tell me you want a truck but dont need a large truck or off roader. Honda Ridgeline is the correct answer.  Better mileage, better options, way more comfortable, has a trunk...all the benefits of a truck and none of the downsides."
Props to you. Great job.
"Barbell, guy was accusing competitors of using too much when they were on a gram per week, and then complimenting a girl for curling more than he did when she had a 60lb bar in her hands in a different thread."
"Definitely subbing out. I believe muscles benefit the most when hit from all angles, and ranges of motion. With that being said, you could also alter some other things like the speed of the rep. I found that once i stalled on my bench press i incorporated a couple of sets of lower weights but really slow, squeezing reps and it made my regular bench improve as well. Guess it hit some other muscle fibers and fixed some of the weaknesses i had, which in turn boosted my overall force output."
"Thank God my job has a gym we can freely use. 

This is all feeling similar to how it was before they started shutting shit down again. Power hungry fucks."
"Gf says I ruined her taste in men bc she used to like stick figure guys but now she's only attracted to muscle.

Am I making it?"
Crazy man. You even look younger now!’
"Aah okay. Never thought about that. As i said in the beginning „dont get me wrong“. I was really interested in that without any negativity. Im more the introvert guy training in big hoody and dont want to show myself because i simply dont feel like im ready or even close to my goal. 

I wish you all the best. Stay confident"
"Yeah, I mean the amount of PEDs he would need to be a successful boxer is exponentially less compared to WSM. Probably nothing detrimental to his health."
"Yeah i like preacher curls and cable curls but thats pretty much it, but im mainly doing wide grip ez bar curls because the outside of my bis (i think its called the long head?) Is much more unimpressive than the inside (which is still unimpressive) probably because i stuck to preachers and cable curls for too long."
"Lmao, I figured"
Any tips on developing 3D shoulders like that?
Wrong sub mate. Better to post on r/brogress
"Ofcourse there is a reason to hate him..He keeps giving hints to his fans that he will compete, but just posts an Advert for his e-Books in the end. This leads to people getting annoyed and just hates him"
"Out of genuine curiosity, why you gain so much bro?"
Appreciate it!!
Good luck!!🍀 you look awesome!!:)
Not a girl but I am the dude who hacked into the gym speaker to play cotten eyed joe at max volume
"Ran it last year and loved it, arranged the lower body movements to Monday Squat, Tuesday RDL’s, Wednesday Front Squats, Thursday Good Mornings &amp; Friday Bulgarian Split Squats. Nearly always felt fresh and progressed nicely on the main lifts while bulking."
Natural.
"Nice, I'd like to see you naked"
"The world is full of assholes. Wipe them from your mind and mind you don't act the same way. Seriously, one dick head and your workout is ruined forever? You got this, BB. Let him rant on r/fitness 😆"
"You're welcome! And hey, I always find it somewhat cool when you need to switch up your training a bit, sometimes you find out new ways to apply stimulus that work better than what you were doing."
Wtf is this
Thanks man!!
Saw him at the Cali pro 2017 when he lost to Gerald Williams who was in the best shape of his life. Sas Was only behind one point in pre judging could have gone either way. The next year he took second again to deasha. Hope he comes back
Hell ya bro! Most of the time it’s convincing my clients to perfect their nutrition and training before we push the gear to higher levels. You’d be surprised what 500mg test and 25mg dbol will do with razor sharp nutrition
No problem man.
Rofl not once have you ever posted 245. You post all your weights and you say 230 in 2020. You out here trying to throw numbers for what? Reddit clout? You weren’t 245 for your cut.
Yes fine whatever
"Yeah I don’t follow Larry’s content too closely, but IIRC Andrew was just a random dude working out at the gym when Larry met him. It makes me wonder how many 1 in 10,000,000 genetic marvels are out there living regular lives with no idea of their physical potential. Like the greatest NBA player of all time is probably a South Sudanese farmer who has only ever tried soccer or some shit like that. The greatest powerlifter of all time could be a garbage man in Finland who drinks 6 nights a week and works out once a month, so he’ll never know his potential.

We talk about some of the most genetically gifted bodybuilders of all time like Ronnie, Kevin Levrone, and Phil Heath... but what if they’re only actually like 1 in 100,000? Such a tiny percentage of the total population ends up actually putting quality years into building their physique, so more gifted athletes would never know."
Lots of people don’t realize that loose skin looks a whole lot better on most people if they put on muscle and get leaner.
"If pure weight loss is the goal, no it doesn't matter.  If body composition is a concern, then yes it matters."
you can make your own for free if you pay $30 on amazon
I was just about to hit abs when my alarm went off signaling I had 30 minutes before meeting with a boss 3 levels above me and another boss 4 levels above me. Luckily it’s only half an hour and then I’ll hit abs and maybe some more arms
I made a dank steak tonight. It obliterated my cut but fuck was it worth it.
You’d be surprised by just how stupid doctors really are. That MD next to their name often doesn’t mean much
"Um, who says you won't cheat on a world class program? When you're single digit bodyfat and literally feeling starvation 24/7, you have pretty serious temptation to cheat. It's not uncommon at all for these guys to have a ""handler"" during the last weeks/days of a prep for this exact reason."
Has the boost worked for you?
Skip for a week &amp; do something else like a hobby or something. Or force yourself to stop being a dum dum &amp; do light work.
Same reason men do? Tf is wrong with you.
he'd also like this physique
"No i just see this type of retort on this sub a lot coming from ppl with the brain power of a door knob. 
There’s just nothing more elementary."
You’re a balding loser who watches no plates no dates and trolls on the internet. That’s pretty sad.
my girl friend could paint her toe nails and I legitimately would not be able to tell the color at any given time
I’m in Texas. They’ve been open at like 40% capacity or whatever for awhile but with everything reopening the gyms are getting hit ridiculously hard. I don’t think I’ll be going back until I get the vaccine.
Agreed with the other mate this isn't bodybuilding it's an anorexic look. You need more muscle
"Ya people need to cool down on these things until people are truly side by side. Jones is moving to open and Timms barely made top 10. Ramon is good and all, but he had 4 people who were very much ahead of him."
That's awesome dude!  I hope you get it!  Yeah the craziest was like.  2 of the people that were there a long time were husband and wife. So they got like 40k together.
Im down for you to smash the like button on my YouTube videos
Ok pal.
Looks like he's got the test levels of 18 year old male... I wonder how he got them?
I got bloods before brad and I hate needles 😂
Yeah but what are those people doing with themselves?
"You're showing interest in your course so that should be something positive for sure man, try not to overthink it. Won't be a negative thing that's for sure!"
Feeling better on the new macros?
"They probably are, actually.

I'm no vet but luckily my cousin is, and they have numerous health problems, not least of which is the... build, I suppose, of their snout makes breathing pretty hard.

Friend of mine had one and it just up and had a heart attack at like 6, which considering they usually only live to about 8 or so anyway, isn't that bad. Until you remember how much you can expect to pay for one..."
The god lighting in my bedroom has given me this weird reverse body dysmorphia where I think that I look way better than I do in reality.  I suppose it’s better than the opposite though.
Live Long with Leo is pretty interesting. I seen him on Derek from MorePlatesMoreDates.com’s youtube channel
Appreciate the honesty.
Looks good
I am also very happy for seeing this
"Nope. Your body has no way of burning calories to cool you down. We can burn calories to heat ourselves up, but our only cooling mechanism is to sweat and hope the evaporation cools us. And sweating is just excretion of liquid, that doesn’t burn calories"
"Just have to say, you're killing it my dude."
Pretty much.
"Bro you're 18? Sick work, best of luck!"
"Is it permanent? Or if you stop using it, your lighter skin color will return with time?"
"For some reason, many of my best bench sessions were after sleepless nights. I can't explain it."
If someone thinks he is serious then they are likely mentally disabled
You're a real PoS if you actually want to steal from your mom for juice.
lmao oops
Real estate sounds interesting. What  was the job you lost?
Whatever it takes goddamn it
Lmao Jesus yes. You’re not shitting out the stimulants. They just increase GI motility. Try mixing your preworkout with more water
"Can I replace the seated leg curls for lying leg curls in gamma bomb? 

I can’t stand seated leg curls. I slide all over the seat....I’m locked into the damn thing trying to hold myself in place and it just doesn’t jive."
Shit I’ll fucking take that! Thank you lol
"Yeah, had planned some chill LISS before dinner, that usually calms me down a bit. Thanks bro."
"50 bucks a month hmu

Real talk if you want a good coach do some research. Ask local competitors for their recommendations too. Always talk to clients."
"I don't see how he has the best the chance when Big Ramy, who solidly beat him last year with his best package to date, is competing again this year having had more time to work with Chad Nicholls."
Thanks deez! Thank you for being an awesome guy and so good for the DD! I appreciate your advice and thoughts over time man!
"I had good results lifting 3 times per week with Building The Monolith.

(if you prefer benching, you could also try Benching The Monolith)"
"It may just be me. But I feel like JM built the program the way he did for a specific reason. If someone can’t push themselves without doing the same exact routine every single week, it seems like they just aren’t advanced enough to fully understand their body, yet."
"I mean, youd have to shit out solid unprocessed food, ans thatd be a different issue entirely"
Holy fuck you look like an avenger or something. Insane taper and your delts need their own area code
"Yes I take some and yes, some of them work. Most of the ones that have a name like that are just a mix of supplements that have varying levels of efficacy. You could probably buy them all separately for way less money but there is convenience in taking 1-3 pills vs 10. Examples of supplements that work are berberine, TUDCA, NAC, and astragalus."
Dude has an insane taper if you flip the third picture upside-down.
"But if this is a recursive problem, the source of your pain won’t be gone. Your pain is a symptom of an underlying problem (which could range from a muscular weakness, to an alignment issue, to a million other things) that needs to be addressed."
"Guys I need good meal plan to build muscle, because workout plan and everything else I already set it up...any recomendations are welcomed😁🤝"
It's difficult to imagine that he's only 13 years old.
breakup gains inc
Yep!
"yeah, get that"
noobie and probably dumb question: did he train his neck (if possible?) or he's just built like that?
Dude stop trying to sell Mike Israetel\`s shit in this sub. Yes he\`s ight but there is not a single pro bodybuilder who uses his techniques. This is a bodybuilding sub. Under every single thread you try to explain his shit.
"Hahaha, you'll soon see that wasn't even his final form. He's balls deep in deep state conspiracy now."
[it do be like that](https://imgur.com/a/WiVBOc6)
"sorry I guess my question shud be, does having a slow release protein really yield better results than a whey/iso if I decide to take a protein shake before bed"
Lol
"50% of all anneurysms happen while straining on the toilet    
    
    
    
And I 100% just made that up"
"It’s ok Bro I deleted it for you, and the midget porn you sikcunt on Tren"
Lmao I’d love to bust out some chicken and rice during workouts
"I like Hadi but he does not have structure. He has weird proportions and irregular muscle bellies. He has size and conditioning which he absolutely kills. He's top 2/3 for me personally, I think he can beat Brandon but that remains to be seen."
It’s cringe but nbd lol don’t get so heated over it
Yeah. They locked r/smallcockfitbody too
I'm kind of confused. Is my chest underdeveloped or am I just fat? Or both?
Flawless
"With all due respect man, you’re young and your muscle doesn’t look super mature. It’s hard to tell when there’s little separation and the shape of the muscle will also be determined by lifting form and your training route. That being said you look young and there’s already some development there so your cap is probably pretty high at the moment. I’d say start lifting and develop the muscle for a few months, get some experience and then check back in. If you workout, you’re going to look significantly better physically, regardless of the genetics"
"This is by far the best fuckin comment I've ever seen on all of reddit.

L'chaim my dude"
"Hey dumbass, I never denied that lighting might be in play. We are talking about symmetry, this picture has some limits in terms of symmetry, notably for his shoulders and arms. All my comments in this thread are statements of facts and about as neutral as it can get, how you perceive emotion form these I do not understand. You sound dumb as shit and I don't feel bad for you nor your limited reading comprehension."
I wish I could have your mental strength to only have 2. If I have 2 than I'm eating half a row minimum
I personally like to carve out enough peanutbutter straight down the middle so that I can put my penis into it's new silky peanut buttery home
"Woke up after shitty sleep. Poop. +4,5 lbs on yesterday after having done leg day, 20k steps and 40 min LISS. Seems like cortisol is up again :("
"Nick Fuentes, that's cool your are getting more into liftan."
"I think I'm near like 700k combined karma

What's shitty about reddit algorithm is it stops counting karma after 5k for each post or comment. Ive had several 50-80k+ posts and several 10-20k+ comments that just stop counting towards my net karma at around 5k."
"I will kill someone to look like that

Seriously"
Everyone’s out enjoying the sun on their Sunday
Yes he is lacking back width and thickness
"every /r/nattyorjuice poster: ""LOL JUICY AS HELL AND GAY""

\-sees Arnold post ""I'd suck his dick if I could""

or the other clown thing I've seen recently

\-sees David Laid post ""lol gay and obviously juicer wtf is the point of taking drugs if you dont compete"" and then praises guy's posts who look 10x more impressive but they include ""10 year transformation"""
"Yeah, Ronnie is a cool dude."
"I feel like smoking this weekend. Should I do brisket, pork shoulder, salmon, chicken (birds or just wings), or maybe something else?

Edit: Grilling is also acceptable"
"Ok, I'll try upping my sodium intake and see what happens. Thank you very much for taking the time to help me out.

Yeah, when this first started happening I went to the GI of foods and started paring down foods that were high. I do have bananas with oatmeal for breakfast for potassium. I'll think about adding some more sources throughout the day."
Would bury my face in that ass.
"Yup! People like to regurgitate the same old bs when the truth is that the showings at 1980 were sub-par. Mike looks great in some pics but if you see video it's very clear that he had trouble holding poses, holding in his stomach and his chest was very weak, along with his legs. 

Everybody got salty that Arnold could beat with barely any prep. Arguably, if Zane hadn't gotten injured, he could've beaten Arnold but Zane looked almost natty during the competition."
"Thanks! Because of uncertainty corona, and i get cheats today🥰🥰"
This dude is working out in a bright pink tank top that says #TWINK on it and I just wanna know which one of you it is
"I honestly think that the trunks and the way he hits that pose show how classic he can be, guy looks fantastic in this picture."
"Didn't expect 3 stars at all lol, thanks!"
"That’s so disgusting! I can’t believe it! What strip club was this? I gotta know which to avoid. Also the stripper’s name and hours, just to be safe"
"90g rolled oats , just use a spare scoop to save weighing

Handful frozen berries, ginger to wake you up

Milk to consistency and put in fridge overnight.

1 scoop vanilla whey &amp; half a chopped frozen banana in the morning
👌"
“General opinion...” lmao
Getting stronger every gym session and I've started seeing more squad separation
U laugh but it's happened to me lmao
I don’t trust your judgment if you have to beg to get your posts approved
"Thank you, do you take any pre-workout for your morning training or do they don't work at all?"
Hi prep buddy! Let’s suffer together!
oh ok
It’s okay. What I always find works for me when I’m struggling is to do something with people that occupies the mind. Can lead to some great experiences.
"Yeah, but like... I can do that with just one single 2-ply square unfolded is what I'm saying"
You pice of shit
This guys home page reads like a 4th grader wrote it.
As someone who love DOMS I’m mad jelly
Oh okay should I do them today for rest day today?
What kills me is looking up the definitions of both inflammable and flammable. Or the genius that put the letter B in the word subtle.
"He was natural here too. Goes to show how genetics are the single most important aspect of a bodybuilder's success.

Now can we imagine what the guys like O'Hearn, Simeon Panda, and Ulysses would look like if they ever got on even just 150mg test??? Absolutely crazy."
Yeah that makes sense.
"So weird his arms look massive in some poses them he brings them up and they look so small , he’s in great condition but still has a long way to go for a balanced physique"
"No lmao nothing wrong with the bench or rack as far as I can tell. 

I feel like I’m retracting my scapula, and I have my feet in that weird position because that helps me feel the tightest. I actually just tried doing it with feet more flat, and my left glute started cramping up like crazy, and I felt My arch collapse more when the bar got close to my chest (I have an inverted sternum so I need a big arch to feel like the bar can come down just far enough to be comfortable, otherwise it just feels bad)"
"Agreed, but I wanted to keep the language simple.

This is why I'm following up with those questions on people's comments...mostly for my own curiosity."
"Bought a V8 today :) very excited bois

And that means I can get to gym myself again. life getting good"
Your body is under stress so cortisol rises. One of cortisols functions is waking you up. Your body is basically saying “get the fuck up and go hunt”.
You look like you have bodybuilding genetics bro
Arnold said his calves were a weak point. Show me one picture where Arnold’s calves look “tiny” compared to the rest of his physique
"Ur right, this one was worse. (I listened to the whole thing though lol)"
"clearly 5.385%, give or take .001"
Good luck with that. I guess the lesson for me is to remember that I need to be on guard when I’m tired and talking to my old man
"What bodybuilders did to bring up weak back was have 2 back days, one for vertical pulls and one for horizontal pulls

May be worth to consider"
"Well they are the two main things, so that's good."
Ya nothing like Arnold but the dude looks good.
I’d recommend messing around with with elbow placement till it feels comfortable
"Eat at a slight surplus to gain 1-2 lbs per month, you **have** to put on weight in order to gain muscle.

If you're worried then cut down first before bulking."
"It's definitely not a concern of them being upset with the noise considering it's currently winter and people aren't outside much.  It's more of an insecurity thing.  I have an irrational dislike of being ""judged"" by people.  I don't wanna be known as the Busch-league drumming dude of the neighborhood."
You mean the way he did. I miss that guy.
Sodium isn’t inherently bad. Consistency with it is what matter most.
"Still got back pain from 4 days ago fro the when I did back

Right under shoulder blade

I tried icing it and it made the pain worse for now maybe it will calm down once the skin is to higher temperature.

Toomorow is technically back day should I still try? Or continue resting.


I don't have any pain when doing any form of rowing or pull upp motion but there's this constant throbbing pain right there and sometimes I can kinda feel it like spasm like very subtle like there's this specic part that tenses up. But it's not like a full on muscle cramp.

Anyone had this and how did you solve it if you did?"
"I also take dex.5 EOD to control my insane estrogen. But acne isn’t necessarily the result of high estrogen in itself, the cause is usually related to fluctuations with your androgens. What steps are you taking to ensure you have a stable blood serum concentration? What is your administration frequency?"
"&gt; I've heard good things about tbol and var together.

the ol broderick special lmao. the reasoning behind it is because each one boosts different systems (im totally blanking on them, i swear one was glycotic and forget the other) so you get a 1+1=3 effect. var typically makes you super strong but doesnt bring tons of glycogen effects, tbol makes you feel like an athlete, good amount of glycogen but not excessive and gives you stamina. strength + stamina = greatness. however, this big effect of 1+1=3 is seen in women, in men its more like 1+1=2.2ish. why? no idea, theory would be something about men having more muscle already and something about glycogen stores being fuller already (?) so you dont see tons out of the combo. 

as for your hair stack, all i can say is good luck. you have an incurable genetic trait and drugs arent going to help with that but your best bet is test only + non DHT orals + your hair loss stack."
Def got the frame keep that waste tight and grow tree trunks and ull be on point
"This came to my mind xd does this make Sense?
Lets say i want to gain muscle and i eat at 300 surplus but habe Like 15% bodyfat , do i still need the 300, surplus or will my Body get the calories it needs to build muscle if i dont eat in a surplus exactly from the fat so basically recomp?"
You look like a 15yo in a Netflix show
"Solid work overall. I think your lats are your weak point.

Looking good."
Overnight oats? That way it's ready to go in the morning and you can make them taste straight up like a dessert
"i have some long freaking femurs, so I can't squat for shit. I have been doing lunges as my main lower body exercise for as long as I remember. Anyone have any more recommendations? I am getting bored of lunges, split squats, and leg presses"
The hamstrings....my goodness
My Hero
Absolutely! Looking good my friend. Good luck!
When is pulling down one's pants ok?
"Better version is an understatement. Keone's structure is a league above Clarida's, he just needs to get that conditioning in check"
"I have no clue why I even jumped on tonight tbh, just bored bc I'm not working tonight.

And I too was wondering how you and the other Melbourne peeps were going through the most recent one. But RIP to all other states now."
Hammer throw was my favorite event. Very fun combination of technique and power.
Thanks for the advice guys.
"Yeh man it’s crazy. I look now like the person I always wanted to look like. Every time I reach a goal, I reach an equal negative psychological defect. 

I mean I’m being a little dramatic yeah, but I know I have to get a grip on this stuff. I don’t want to be using gear in my 50s. At least not the way I’m using it now."
"That’s odd. Especially since you have been using it for a while. The itchy/crawly is obviously normal but hives, not so much. I’d just keep an eye on things. Maybe switch pre workouts if it gets worse or begins to bug you. Other than that, happy lifting!"
Unpopular opinion. I like doing leg day in pants so I can feel the pump tightening up my pants as the workout goes on
"Just stick with it, dude. Same shit happened to me, mental health issues didn't help and I ended up a full blown alcoholic for a couple year and that absolutely destroyed parts of me life.
Gave up completely in April 2016 and it was probably one of the single best things I ever did, don't regret it for a second.
All its gonna do otherwise is send you so far backwards, ruin your health, and ruin your life. As I'm sure you're aware.
You'll pull through, dude. Just one foot after another and forgot anything else"
Your symmetry is awesome and those shoulders are sculpted. Im jelly
"Tbh your progress is really good, seems like you added a nice amount of muscle without adding much fat! 

You're not chubby at all but completely understand the struggle. You could go on a cut now but I don't think that'll do unless you work in your self image a bit first, since once you're a couple of months in the cut you will probably start thinking you're too small and think about stopping and bulking again.

Again, really good job dude. Whatever you do, make sure to keep enjoying the process, that's the best of the sport!"
He is excellent. Very thoughtful and detailed
Thanks Mr Meadows
Why do you bring negativity to half the threads you’re in?
"Pro tip, if you’re feeling blocked up/constipated. Have 10ish grams above recommended serving size. The laxative effect will kick in, no so bad that it’s explosive, but it’ll be enough."
Thank you for the reply.
Dude. What? Are you sure you’re on the right subreddit?
Damn right 😈💪🏼
"fuck i knew i was forgetting something

[watch this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeoES8f2pzI)

[and watch this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzMPssurpH8)

youll hear a lot of what i wrote out, but still helps getting visual cues on what happens when you do what im saying. record your stuff, rewatch it and work on it. and maybe hire a posing coach"
thanks man. appreciate the advice
"what do you mean by best tho? best weather? food? is COL a factor and if so by how much? social life? sport/active life? for some the best place is texas because they like the food and culture, some people would say its the worst cuz its fucking hot. depends what exactly you want to do with your free time. my vote will always be my home tho: san diego. got everything minus affordable COL."
Good luck! You look great!
Man I miss 2014-2016
For me its lower back and glutes and my upper/inner leg . I have always had chest back and delt striations lol
Lol imma natty teen (19) well not natty for to much longer. But John taught me so much. Hbu
Well did she ask you to go bro
"sure, why not? it helps in the long term for building muscle and I believe it has been shown to be really healthy in the long term in a multitude of areas. You can always just stop taking it tho"
Rep those financial gains brother
"I mean.. technically, yeah. The legality of doing so is likely questionable depending on whose vascularity it is that you're eating."
If you don’t get a pic bb I swear
Engage the perineum
"I think you might be trolling now. Yes, all pros use high volume. Do you really think I've been training for a year or two based on my pictures? Can you find one other single person who can comment here that agrees with that? I asked you to post a pic of your own physique to prove your ideology works and you haven't. Hopefully you're just fucking with me, but if not I feel bad for you."
"You just have no idea what you are talking about, it was never a gram or nothing 🤷🏼‍♀️"
Well done. You should be very proud of yourself.
some of the wording on the app i be like huh? lol
Just my trt dosage and 10mg cialis EOD lol
"Looking awesome bro. Apart from consistent hard work over the years, what would you say was the biggest contributing factor to your growth? When did it all click, was it an improvement in diet, a new training split, a different drug protocol etc?"
Thank you! Trying to look like my fellow giant Jamie Johal ;)
i want more leg. i'll just add a little more volume to legs or add leg press?
I use a shit ton of voltaren gel along with resting it
Yes but Athenian makes me think of pedos
sounds like a counter intuitive nightmare tbh.
Good god you’re fucking shredded! Enjoy the win!
I hate flat bar deadlifts. The trap bar is just so much better to me
Been cutting for awhile but hit a cheeky 300x3 top set on squats. Can’t wait to be done with cut and head for that 4pl8 squat.
"How the fuck are you 244lbs? Damn bro good job, mirin."
nice
About as bad as the YT channel you pulled this from
Nothing wrong! You probably read too deep lol. Just missed opportunities that’s all smh.
I’ll have to look into it. What benefits are you seeing?
Good luck luring him over here from r/steroids
Yes.
"Nice head on his shoulders.  If he offered me some, I'd say yes and reciprocate."
"Jay most likely still blasts a fuck ton of gear still though, he's massive..."
bro you look sick! Your abs are like robotic cyborg 👍 youre the terminator
Chili and shredded chicken or pork are super easy in a crockpot
"pre and post meal are the most important meals according to the biggest guys on the planet. I would just put emphasis on those two and not worry too much about anything else


&gt; I dont know whether to eat a meal before my workout or exactly how to go about it.

find something that you personally digest well for your pre

use 2 scoops of whey and some type of carb post"
You think he was actually being honest about how much he took? Or was he lying because he didn’t want to admit his actual dosages because he didn’t want people to think he was a juice head? It’s impossible to get to IFBB pro size without abusing ridiculous amounts not only gear but insulin and HGH. Remember what Pete Rubish said in a video several years back about the current status of gear in the lifting world? He doesn’t even bother to ask powerlifters and bodybuilders what they take because he knows they’ll lie about how much they take.
Based on the title alone I was coming here to say no one tops Mike Matarazzo and then I opened and could not believe the size and development of Fankhouser’s.  You are correct internet stranger.
"Thank you! More and more lines in the back, glutes, and hams every day. They should make an appearance later this week."
I mean Cary Grant said it was due to him being an acrobat.
"He’s no Jon Brower Minnoch, but he has potential."
Robert timms looked so sick during the first year of classic physique when Danny Hester won. Really wish that was the standard for classic.
Because Joe Wieder is dead
When I’m at the office I play would you rather with my coworkers. Today I learned more people would rather put their dick in a glory hole than have someone feed them crab Rangoon through a gloryhole.
Lol at the guy just trying to get changed for the gym walking in on this
"I’m weak and tired all the time lately and I hate it. 

In completely unrelated news my cut tracking has me down 23lbs in 2 months. Obviously water weight is inflating that but feeling like I’ve got this dialed in."
"He is trying to become a better person, why be a fucking dick?"
Damn he was actually really aesthetic! This is why I dislike how big you gotta be in all bodybuilding divisions now
"Honestly aside from seeing a doc I'd say take a rest day, training the same muscle group every day isn't the greatest use of your time anyways. See how things feel after some rest."
"No, this picture is filtered."
"Thank you!

I know I always bring my shoulders/elbows too far back and in this specific pic I tried my best not to do that and still ended up doing it lol"
[I wasn’t ready for that](https://youtu.be/vaBhbfqflak)
"~~Alright, I'll ask the dumb question - how do you block someone if you just use the browser version? RES?~~

Found it in settings. From Googling it looked as if you had to have a message from the user to be able to block them but nope the textbox in ""Safety &amp; Privacy"" lets you type in any name. Got several names to add to this."
"I take it for placebo, same with energy drinks"
What is your guys preference for low impact cardio??
You saw my other comment? Lol
"I'm with you like 99% of the way here. That 1% disagreement comes from you saying legit var isn't common. While that was true as recent as just a couple of years ago, it's certainly not the case now.

There are multiple VERY popular review boards for UGL suppliers, anyone faking anything gets immediately ousted and ostracized from the community. As long as you so much as do 5 minutes of research, there's no reason to get bunk/fake gear.

Also, side note to OP, there are plenty of TRT clinics that will prescribe var to you with your test, might be the route to go if you've got the extra money and are still worried about legitimacy."
Looked easy for ya
Jon Bones Jones would definitely know that to be the case
Yeah I've heard of this one where you blend some sort of plantain with a legume. Apparently it's pretty good
Take my poor man gold 🥇
You win today's thread.
I can confirm you're wrong lol
"I’m 11 weeks out today, feeling like absolute dog shit. Thinking about the amount of time I have left until show day is really fucking with me. Gotta stay motivated."
"I've always been good at talking to people. I just hate the idea of making people uncomfortable and finally realized you don't have to make people uncomfortable if you talk to them like an actual person lmao.

Also I like to think that my height and body fat are pretty decent 😓"
Would have loved to have seen Platz train with Gaspari.
"In my case, the most important thing in gyms are equipment, opening hours and how crowded it is at the times I'll be going. 

But I also have no hardcore gyms near me so not like I can choose."
She has absolutely beautiful skin.
"Quite frankly I think this is the weakest lineup we've had in years. No Phil (most probably), no Rhoden, no Dexter, a subpar Roelly...  And most of the new guys I don't really much care for."
Jokes on you I'm gonna hate myself no matter what
"Will getting more sleep with better gains? I been lifting for 4 months now(see profile for pics), is having only hours of sleep affecting my gains?"
My workouts take 120mins regularly lol. I use one scoop of pre workout before the workout And some Dex sugar Candy in the middle. You know i can workout only every 3rd day And i got to fill the volume ...
Understand. I am sure you will have success☺️
"There are some spiteful trolls at the bottom of this thread, just ignore them. You look great, wish I had your shoulders."
"Oh gotcha, thanks."
Complete bullshit. The competitors in the old school barely got below 10% body fat
"Don't got no tips but just want to say props for working two jobs and still making time for your workouts man.  I'm having trouble balancing just one job with the same hours, 730-6- your schedule is pretty brutal."
Don’t call me out like this
"Bro be careful. Your physique will track all kinds of attention good and bad. Seriously though good job putting in that work, I'm 24 and still working on getting 30lbs off. You're going to go far bro if this is your mentality at 15."
"It makes water taste amazing bro, it’s like a gatoraid powder without all the carbs"
Gyno of peace man jesus
"Well, i has a problem with my chest, i never felt them while working out. 
It's related on genetic and muscle insertion...

It could be related to some workout background, i use to do lots of push up and dips didn't do them the right way to focus on chest (lack of knowledge) so anytime the triceps and shoulders gets all the benefits


I always get pumps on the triceps and shoulders, even the traps while doing bench press (dumbbells or barbells)
I kept working them, and tried to isolate them in anyway possible 

After 4 years of gym, i got a legit and proportionate chest size, i can feel the pump in them while benching barbells.

Unless you use some chemical, the process is slow, the natural way.... but if you keep working on them long enough you will always get a better results"
"God. 

I love reading about the old strongmen, their lifestyles, diet, training etc. 

They did a lot of things right, nearly all of them were unbelievably active, something like doing hard labor, then off to the gym lifting weights and then swimming 4km in the lake after work to relax. 

Amazing time for strongmen."
Depress your front shoulder. Don't flex the more forward pec.
"Wow, you are in luck.  Today's daily thread is ""Training Thursdays"" and that would be a perfect place for that.  As others have said, here in the DD works too."
Great hot take mate.
"Okay so what I will say here is that a competition prep is cut, but a cut is not competition prep. What I mean is that a competition prep goes beyond the normal level of what most would cut down to. Generally speaking, most people cut down to 8-11% body fat (for men) or when they can see abs, things like that. When someone is prepping for a bodybuilding show, you are typically driving body fat closer to 4-5% (for men again) and it gets exponentially more difficult to lose fat the lower you go. There is going to be a certain level of mental and physical exhaustion that is reached that you don't normally see. He's going to be tired, he's going to be doing a lot of cardio, and eating a lot less. He might get quieter than usual, his sex drive is going to decrease whether or not he's taking any drugs, and overall will just have less energy. It's NOT personal so don't take it that way. If you have an event or something and he doesn't have the energy to go, don't force him or make him feel like he has to if he doesn't have the energy, especially when he's getting to 6 weeks out from a show. Most of the time on prep, I just want to go to the gym and chill. My social life gets limited.

So I say that just to give you some idea of what to expect and if you want to be the best for him during it, just be secure in the fact that he might not be able to do normal boyfriend stuff and the best way to support him is just to simply be understanding and patient with it.

u/brazenmaiden, anything you want to add I may have not thought about?"
"thanks! I appreciate it, though the unneeded hostility I didn't :)"
He’s saying you have huge legs
"Thank you, I needed to hear this lol"
"Yeah the gym I go to had 0 COVID cases in over 30,000 visits since July and gyms still get closed, they’re an east scapegoat despite literally 0 evidence showing they are a major problem"
Looking absolutely nuts m8
"Well, did she liked red wine?"
Wow she’s the Beverly Hilton. Super cool.
Try hiring a coach to help you with macros. Sometimes the macros make all the difference even if you’re in a deficient and eating too little protein your body won’t respond the same
"Got the Axe and Sledge Smores protein in yesterday, pretty good. Can't wait to try out the bars, went with the obvious...peanut butter chocolate chip."
That’s a great song but I’ve gotten myself to the point where I need heavier music to get hyped :(
Yeah that's what I used to do but I was looking forward to running an actual hypertrophy program
"This too, thank you!"
Insane
"Realized it’s a bitch because I need to do a rolling count of how much money we are making and losing depending on if members sign up or convert there membership. Easier to just copy and paste, not that much data"
"this is bullshit, anything between 3-30 reps will build muscle if you get close enough to failure. he got downvoted because it doesn't really matter, forearms can take a lot so just train them like any other muscle. 16-24 sets a week, progressive overload."
Lol stay mad. I’ll stay winning. Regardless I’m sure I look better than you. :). Thanks for your comments tho
I don't think you get to complain about the sub going to crap while posting stuff like this.
Literally my dream physique!
"**Shaker Bottle Rectal Durability**

I like to test the durability of my shaker bottles by shoving them straight up my ass and then clenching as hard as possible to see if I can shatter it using my sphincter. 

So far I am undefeated, please let me know when you've concluded your research."
"Seriously, who wants bland and unseasoned food lol"
"Long answer is coming. But you can gain muscle in a deficit under the right conditions, especially as a beginner. Muscle gain and fat loss are separate processes, although being is a surplus is a more advantageous environment for muscle growth. As a beginner, your body will be hyper-resbonsive to training because you’ve never done it before (or not a lot of it) so it won’t need a caloric surplus to grow, particularly if your bodyfat percentage is higher. 

As far as programming goes, it’s up to you. You will benefit from having a higher frequency, because you don’t take as long to recover, and a smaller pool of exercises, because you’re still learning how to do them. If you want to do more than just 5x5, then that’s a good thing imo and I say have at it. Those type of programs, imo, aren’t tailored to the physical limitations of beginners, but the intellectual limitations. 5 exercises, 5 reps, add 5 lbs per workout, all you have to remember is the number 5, which is about as much thought as some people are willing to put into it. Based on the type of questions you’re asking, this does not apply to you. If you are willing to put in more work than that, you can benefit from it, but I’d still stick with full-body or upper/lower, and something that is focused on the core movements; squat, bench, deadlift, shoulder press, barbell rows.

On another note, there isn’t much of an actual dichotomy between strength and size. They are directly related because a bigger muscle is a stronger muscle. *Specificity*, as in, how well you apply that strength to a particular task through perfecting your technique with that task, but the underlying  strength is based mostly on how much muscle you have, so any program that is effective in one, needs to have a focus on both things. The best program imo is the one you will stick with because you enjoy it, and that will motivate you to put in your best effort. Effort is the number one most important thing."
"Whenever I doubt myself, I return to the ""are you doing whatever it takes"" video"
You look amazing for just training 14 weeks. I assume you’ve already been an athlete and have a great foundation.
Yeah. There’s mirrors in the bathroom.
"Eat clen, tren hard, anavar give up!"
"For the love of all that is good and holy; 

Do classic physique."
You have great arms
"Well then where the hell are the bottom-heavy juicy-booty girls supposed to compete then? All kidding aside, I wasn't really thinking that you'd likely need to lose your natty card to properly do well in Wellness, I can see why that'd be a roadblock for you."
I just bake them at 420 for like and hour and 15 minutes then pull the skin off and throw them in Tupperware. And thank you!
"I stopped at one of the ""clinics"" when I was in pv the prices are really high. Could be different based on location."
Yeah you’ll burn your shoulders out instantly if you try to do 1 min breaks on a compound 😭😭😭
"it's very fucking strange, am from a tiny country and our state competitions we just took a 9 seater and drove for like an hour, played some games and back home by the evening"
"The dude is 17, shut the fuck up. They look great, especially for being 6'4."
"Jesus dude, natural? You're ripped bud. Take the W now cause you got this in the bag"
"You would do better on r/fitness with that attitude. It's obvious you don't have to knowledge to self program(not an insult, we'veall been at that stage in our journey at some point), and should be following a program with all the variables already written out nice and easy for you to follow."
buying BBQ sauce has been one of the best investments I have made so far during this cut. Made the worst meals taste like a treat
"&gt;make my dong/butt look super obvious

I'm skeptical, can you post pics for proof?"
"Damn

Sounded like she was ready to get to another stage but idk

Sucks to hear about your relationship, hope all is good on your end"
Kai looks fantastic.
I'm fairly certain it's existed in the UK for a while too.b
I have a friend opening one of those. I really want to try it.
Wrong sub...
"Take an NSAID like ibuprofen not Tylenol. Alternate heat and cold, massage the area (gun or just hand) while slowing straightening the arm out. Also taking an EAA will help with recovery but “time-off” DOMS like this is kind of inevitable."
No!!
It’s so fun
The only comment you should pay attention to. ^^^^^
Is the tony huge protoje called bodybuilder in Thailand?
"Poor op. Hes just trying to teach us that chest flyes are good too, or something."
"I don't know what your workouts look like but  I will say this: once I started lowering the weight (10-15 reps) on exercises like lat pulldown and cable rows and focusing on contracting my lats, they started to grow.  During a back workout you imo you should be feeling your lats getting a huge pump or else you are using too much of other muscles involved in pulling.

This took years of trial and error. Once I was able to really feel the contraction with lower weights, I started to play with heavier weights (8-15 reps)."
It was also pathetic that the officials at the Mr. Olympia didn't have anything to say about George Peterson's death that occurred hours before the show.
Sucks. But it's a learning lesson. People have to look at exercise selection as Risk vs Reward.
Oh man I just read the article on his arrest. 3 years! That's brutal. I thought the UK was pretty lax on AAS stuff. He must have pissed someone off.
If you need to consistently mini cut you’re bulking wrong.
"Meh. I like to listen to podcasts when I’m driving. When I’m lifting, I don’t like to split my attention between that and listening to a podcast. I prefer music (usually some instrumental metal) to get me in the zone."
That’s a lot of hair growth in a year!
"One of my friends got diagnosed with ADHD during college and it was an insane difference. He went from failing school, playing videogames 40hrs a week, and being hella depressed to getting As, doing work ahead of time, and not being depressed. Now he's in grad school.

Disclaimer: Vidya aren't bad, he used it to distract himself from the depression/schoolwork"
Okay thanks. I actually have another question if you don’t mind answering
He turned into a pseudo nut job just like everyone else from 2013. He’s active on Instagram and does a lot of yoga/mobility stuff
"Wow, Brian shaw posted something similar, and just look at all the influencers supporting this sentiment on callums post. I'm an American so i'll be speaking about my country.

Its sad, and its simply a non argument. Lets go with their line of thinking here. Wearing a mask is infringing on your freedom. I can't go outside naked without getting arrested, so does that mean I dont have a freedom? I might not have literal freedom to do absolutely anything I want, but we live in a society, we pay taxes, we have laws, have a police force. Because when you live in a society and reap the benefits of it, there are rules in place to keep order, to make sure that people don't infringe on others.

It was the same principal during WWII, America was low on supplies in the middle of a war, so people had to make sacrifices including rationing food and gas. This is no different. Its just absolutely disappointing to see how many around the country and the world think a mask/vaccine infringes on your freedom. 

Again, when you live in a society, there are rules. If you want to be truly free, go live in a rainforest somewhere. But arguing that your freedom as an American citizen is being taken away, and thinking your some patriot? Let me remind you that kids younger than you were drafted and had no ""freedom"" but to give their life for this country, your actions are the definition of irony."
Surprisingly my mom let it go. She’s fine with it after I explained and sent her the studies
"I was super into body building when I was a teenager, got to be about 5’10 180 lbs with 12ish% body fat at 16/17. Then college/life got in the way, and started drinking beer. 

Now I want to get back into it, but weigh about 205 and have lifted in a few years. 

What would you all recommend for the approach here? Cut weight down to 170 lbs then bulk? Try to gain mass while losing weight (which doesn’t work great).

Curious what you all think."
"Alright boys, brutally honest. Not really feeling this greta album. The thing I love about music is finding unique sounds and bands crafting their own voice. And this just sounds like a led zeppelin tribute band. Like yeah they're definitely talented but theyre just following a formula from 50 years ago"
Conditioning was really good imo
"Forget these people man. If lifting and competing makes you happy and you can stay healthy, keep it up. Looking forward to seeing what you look like in 12 weeks!"
"Obviously listening to podcasts is a poor ""credential"" but is what he's saying actually wrong?

Normal testosterone production is affected by day to day life, it's affected by the amount of sleep you get, it's affected by your diet, it's affected by certain medications etc and it's rarely at a constant rate.

From what I understand, with frequent pinning your testosterone levels are fairly consistent and those levels aren't affected by factors like your diet, sleep quality etc. Even if your testosterone levels remain in range I'd have thought you'd have an advantage when it comes to strength and size on TRT compared with natural production."
True lol.  I guess it's just surprising to me with two Covid lockdowns.  It would be the first time where I know I lost some muscle and might expect to see those numbers increase.  But I have been a serious lifter for four years now so newbie gains aren't as easy.
Lol
This is a helpful series: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsNeZjjOOl4&amp;list=PLyqKj7LwU2RulAjHczohbx5OyJQ8TaFM0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsNeZjjOOl4&amp;list=PLyqKj7LwU2RulAjHczohbx5OyJQ8TaFM0)
I'm pretty sure Rich was the physical form of the Piana bot
"Hell no. I'm fine with hard work, water, a healthy diet, and a groin that isn't permanently shriveled as if I'd just went swimming in a frozen lake."
"Perfect, I’m nailing it then"
beautiful cheers for the advice
"[I'm pretty happy with how this cut ended up](https://imgur.com/a/8NhJXWa)

Didn't really try to do anything to mess with water or pump up. Just hit a 5k on the erg in a sweatshirt and went for it. 

I'm not a fantastic poser but I think I'm getting a bit better by trial and error. I really like all of my arms behind head variants. I think they really play to my strengths and hide my weakness (arms)"
I’ve seen him at the 24 HR Fitness on Ann &amp; 95.
I am loving it! (Loved spago too) thank you!
I would like to look like that and I’m more fit than most of the people I come across on a daily basis (but definitely don’t look like this guy) 🤷🏻‍♂️
That's the best thing I've seen
What kind of stuff do you like?
Dude it is so bad dont waste your money. Worst chalky aftertaste ever. Good macros tho
What are y’all’s arm days like? I train DC but my arms LAG. Going to throw in an arm day
awesome man thanks for the tips!
"You are like the natty version of this other chick who keeps showing up on here.

Great work."
Wuuttt...   thats like the last thing they do before entering the competition?  🤔  they dehidrate and when they are at the competition they take a shot of nice quickly carbs?  To pumb up  🤔
Congratulations on patting yourself on your back for your genetics which you have absolutely no control over.  What you can control is working out.  It is normal to look like that at 14.  If you want to start lifting just start lifting.
Wtf
"Agreed. I can’t imagine the toll on his body that must have been though, to keep peaking like that for every show"
"This is gorgeous, like something I wish I could replicate. How do u come up with the transitioning and how it flows? I would assume ur one of those to have that natural flow so it comes without practice"
It's just weird for those of us who aren't fourteen year olds to be sitting here looking at a thread about mocking some fourteen year old who's just trying to be fit. 'Weird' is putting it lightly.
Why is this in a bodybuilding sub. Who cares- he’s still handsome.
Like 20% sure
"Former suicidal anorexic with EDNOS. Is your therapy targeting the disordered thoughts and behaviors with food? Because recovery offers up a whole new world. I went into recovery officially at 40. Am now 51 and fairly mentally healthy. Felt better after a  relatively short period of time. Wasted a lot of years I could have been content and building a life. 

Check out the phantom menace workbook on Amazon by Scott Abel. He's a former competitor."
I mean that's better than drinking at a big party during covid imo
Oberst has been anti vax and mask since the start. And encouraging people to.party 4th of July when this shit first started. Lost all respect for him then
"Wow tons of respect for the 90min! I thought me doing 50min a day 6x a week was a lot. Really great work, man. Amazing ab development."
It's called the block button and a fake address
I am sure I will shine in there.
That's gonna be off the charts for cutting but still being able to get takeaway with mates.
Steak and dumbbell rows
"If the wind blew too hard he’d tip over. No structural support for that upper body.

But really men’s physique is just a joke now. This is way too big for a “beach body” look"
lil twink lookin ass that could kick ur ass 👵🏼
"Just made it in, feel like death"
Haha thanks :)
Why are you training to failure? Follow a program.
"I'm sorry for your loss, but I'd rather die young and have everybody remember me when I was young than get old and have everybody remember my slow decline into old age."
Anyone else taking this loss not well or just me?
I see what you're saying. I appreciate the feedback!
I meant like pack on large amount of pounds.. heavy weight doesn’t do good in the water. Trust me kook.
"Great pics, awesome size, etc"
"Conditioning matters, yes. So does every other aspect. Nick makes it look like its the only thing that does. You don't have to be a BB nerd to get the sport my dude, just watch less mainstream channels. It's a subjective sport, true. But I'd rather watch someone who knows more than three competitors in a given lineup."
"Really good genetics, you're gonna do very well."
Only women respond please: Are women really as unattracted to short men as much as the memes say?
Super impressive man!  What's next for you?
Yeah but I mean when I'm sweating during a workout. Good hygiene boy in the house 😉
"Yes, but I love it :)"
good shape
"I'm 23, but feel like an old man because of tendinitis in my right knee. Probably attributed to my knee pain as I've been doing a lot more walking at work(stairs and ladders included) and upping my cardio the last couple of months. Went a little too deep in high bar squats 2 weeks ago and been weird since. The trap strain was from high volume barbell shrugs which I should have known was a bad idea after heavy RDLs yesterday. Live and learn."
Yes sorry
He's looking good. How would you actually develop a physique like this? I wonder what his training looks like?
"Not at all my friend, I appreciate the constructive criticism"
"Yes, today"
"Keep working! I can clearly see you're in better shape than pretty much every 15 years old I knew when I was your age, but this is nothing crazy. You got a wide back for your age, but no definition to it which is perfectly normal. Just rest enough, eat right and enough and keep training hard ! The rest will come with time, your super young! Not much else to say really, get back to us in a few months :)"
Muscle confusion!
Dude is a straight moron huh
Yeah man. I just turned 47 this month. 3rd place 212 is 50 yo. You limit yourself. Hopefully you lived a good life and can back on that.
"&gt;there’s a huge misconception that men are somehow immune to hair loss

I have never heard about this misconception, in fact quite the opposite"
"It's been proven to be less effective than previously thought, but not a myth by any research papers I have personally read. The difference is just small enough that it's not a deal breaker if you prefer less meals"
Scam link reported
"I believe a too strong attachment, emotionally, to your physique could be an issue when u also deal with mental ""problems"" .

I'd recommend trying to be a bit more detatched to your physique emotionally.

Hope it works out for you man"
“Lemme suck em”
"let’s play fuck marry kill with Leonardo DiCaprio, Brad Pitt, and Ryan Gosling"
HOLY SHIT LET'S GOOO BRO!!!
"Yes I'm natty I've been this size since I was 15-16 I had my peak at 16 but I'm the same size now that I was back then just a bit higher body fat.

I put on size fairly easy just hard to eat.

Right now I'm going all in I'm going to see how big I can get."
"Its definitely the angle of the pic +lighting. My selfie camera seems to fisheye the futher you get out. I should have used the back camera if I was going to ask people to inspect my body lol. But I think you might be right, a posture issue. I'm right-handed btw"
Fucks kidneys up.
No. I went balls out on those.
"Usually feel great after pull and push days, but this mornings pull day has me feeling like i just did a leg day and i am not a fan tbqh. Cut is going well, down from 218 to 202 this morning - but i am feeling the lethargy. Lifts are staying up, energy and sex drive is the through the floor. 

Happy Saturday boys."
Oh. Still didn't do it though. No legs...
Haha yeah. That is a different story
"Oh yeah bro, keep on banging hotties and don’t break their hearts just their hymens. (I’m so sorry ladies for sounding like a douche)"
"I mean, it’s pretty subjective but I guess I could “prove you wrong” by the fact that BB bench is likely going to involve a lot more chest and less anterior delts if performed correctly. Not that I really like BB bench though."
"Purely genetics, but yeah his abs are a bowl of jagged rocks from different canyons put together."
Thanks bro
"And that's what you want to avoid! lol Something I've had to learn is to not rant. (I'm 38 and literally ""Rant"" was my go-to form of communication for most of my life. And it makes sense--the favorite topic of each person is themselves and their interests. That doesn't make them bad people or narcissists, just normal. People like the sound of their own name and love to talk about the things that interest them. Hence your (and my) proclivity to rant about diet, hobbies, etc. An easy way to turn the conversation from Pec-Major teaches anatomy to a normal interaction is to ask them a question in return:

* Yeah, what are some of your goals?
* Have you ever been on a training schedule? 
* What's your fitness background, if any?

Stuff like that will get them eating out of your hand, and you'll be able to go from rant to conversation. Don't underestimate the magic of the word ""you"""
"uhh yes very easily lol, especially if you respond well to asin. ive crashed my e2 with 15mg before, in fact i cant handle more than 25mg asin a week even on 800mg test."
You look almost like a real live person. No need to stick to NPC shows!
Lol this looks like a man in a wig. They should have kept Ms. Olympia in the trash where it belonged.
Except the sugar free Sweet Baby Ray's tastes even better than G Hughes for only 5 more calories per serving
"Thats a pretty physique, now tell me hes 5’6” so I can sleep at night please."
yeah I tend to do piston squats and usually stop around parallel.  I don't really go a2g with weight
But did you die
Method to his madness and you should stick to whats written imo.
"That’s a very good point, I’m a lot more calm now that I arrived on campus and I’m waiting on the building to open up. I’m soooo ready for this"
Id be shocked if he didn't place top 10
Hamstrings (and mustache) are amazing!
"Sure, but that's not the point of the debate."
Hahah gotta keep it fun
"""YOU CAN LOOK THIS WAY TOO IF YOU WORK HARD AND EAT CLEAN EVERYDAY!!!!!! *also pin test in your buns every 3 days baby*"
No of course not. Ramy has him beaten in so many ways it isn't even funny. I don't think he has a shot at winning the Arnold either tbh.
Looks pretty AND delicious. I love lentil pasta
You are a man of class and are in fact better than others
"No worries man lol, hope the rest of your week is awesome too!"
I’m sorry I don’t know anything about body building and what is the last one with all due respect you aren’t the most buff in the last picture sorry if this comes across as rude
Can you share your magical internet program? I'm trying to downsize and not make progress
"well yeah, both tits obviously"
"Damn your body looks amazing OP. Your highlights are quads, back, biceps and triceps. Your hamstrings also look good in that side pose. Keep it up!"
"looking real good for 6 weeks out, you’re gonna kill it bro"
Yah if u get a 5 gallon bucket fill that bad boy with rice and Ed or eod you stick your arms in there and make closed fist and then open fist then closed etc until you can’t anymore  your forearms will burn ! It’s a old baseball trick pitchers use. The deep you are in the bucket the harder it will be to make a closed fist https://youtu.be/Lzrib1c5EK0
Waiter curls are pretty good for not using the forearms.
"He'd have to add like 50+ lbs of pure muscle to be any kind of competitive in open, and I don't think he's at all interested in doing that."
A shit tonne of drugs obviously.
"You look good, but you don't need to emphasize natty. We can tell you're natty by your picture."
"You look awesome! Very balanced physique with great development, especially for a natural athlete. You're going to do great!"
Ya know something tells me if I stopped tracking macros/calories and kept eating the same foods I eat now and just ate when I was hungry I’d lose weight faster.
Manly of us have been there sadly. Life changes quite a bit when you work on yourself and get confident doesn't it?
"Lmfao come on man, time and place."
Arnold's lighting here is way better tbf
Not a soul on the Olympia stage is natural. Not a one. Men or women.
It truly is a case of parroting some authority with smug confidence. Even when hiking it feels good to have knees over toes and a bit of a full extension. Those people must have never tried thinking for themselves
"A good friend of mine years ago was being given all sorts of shit from a ""friend"" as his cycle, like a different (unknown) compound every couple of weeks kind of shit and he went completely off the deep end. 

Went from a normal dude to being convinced people were following us as we walked through town. I thought he was joking at 1st till he just and took off like a sprinter running from... whatever. Took me ages to chase him down and get him settled. His head had totally gone.

Had to walk his 18 stone ass home by the arm like a little girl, and it took him months of not leaving his house to sort his shit out.

Wouldn't surprise me if someone on Olympia level cycles had a few meltdown moments."
I assume a non-zero number of people just rely on civil asset forfeiture to get their gear.
I agree with this 100%. In the hd footage it's pretty clear how Chris beats Terrence and Breon in almost all of the poses. And they posed *a lot*. And this is the morning session. I think a lot of people are basing their opinion on the shit stream or basically just piggybacking on what seems to be accepted wisdom right now that Chris scraped the win. All 5 judges had him number 1 and (obviously) they saw everyone up close and in 3d. Terrence has got better since last year no doubt but for me it wasn't all that close.
"Cutting can make you cold, and you might be sick too."
"Have to see a proper back pose but looks like that's your weakness

Also delts and triceps like the other guy said

Still very impressive though"
Torn biceps usually never go back to how they used to be
I like the term grow into your food. Just add a little more and see in a week.
"Just treat it like you would any other muscle group. 5x a week is frequency is not necessary, nor is a huge surplus.

Bret Contreras recommends doing one horizontally loaded hip extension movement (e.g. hip thrusts), one vertically loaded hip extension movement (e.g. sumo deadlift) and one unilateral squat-like movement (e.g. reverse lunges). 

Then you can do your abduction as well for the gluteus medius."
Yep
by all means man I love some entrepreneurial spirit. If you think that area’s lacking I’m sure you could get a pretty decent user base. App dev I imagine would be the hardest thing but small ads could probably offset all your costs in starting and operating.
Thanks
"I wouldn’t say this is beyond normal, like if she had a large meal and relaxed her stomach (didn’t make any attempt at sucking in or flexing her abs) it is possible for this change. I wouldn’t say this is excessive at all tbh. Also everyone’s body is different and reacts to food differently, this is the way her body does it. I look borderline pregnant when I’ve eaten too much"
"Thx, got it, changed the comment. Everyone should run at least 2-3km a day just to keep the heart strong"
clean your mirrors
"Ronnie yes Jay maybe but the fact that he was inconsistent with hit wins let me know everything I needed about Jay. I was thinking Ronnie and Dorian ( not to mention I am talking pure mass and conditioning). I think that if we go with muscular aesthetics, shape and symmetry none of those guys would be winning in my book. But Ramy had that Mass with Class look this year."
You look insane
"Agreed. Pre judging I feel like he was ahead with competition, but the evening show sealed the deal no question."
"I love the juxtaposition of your comment and question. To the former: I know you weren’t trying to be sexist, it just may have come across that way. That’s all. I’m on your side here.

In regards to anavar, while an otherwise relatively “mild’ oral steroid that can help both lean and harden greatly: it should always be taken with a test base. Anavar will absolutely suppress your testosterone level even at a low dose. Will it shut it down, not entirely but it will feel like it.

At a low dose (less than 30mg daily, taken twice at 15mg each) it is “less” risky; however over time out can wreck your HDL and all it’s heart saving benefits, and, your liver. You can mitigate that by taking high omegas (fish oil) supplements, consume avocados, add flaxseed, etc. For liver health (non-alcoholic fatty liver which is common here): use TUDCA, milk thistle and a 2:1 combo of choline inositol and l’methionine.

Finally, get labs every 90 days: comprehensive metabolic panel with lipids and take a 90 day break off the anavar. AND always seek the advice of your physician for dosage and pharmacological matters. I may be my own doctor but I’m otherwise an internet gadfly. Good luck!"
They make an attachment that has the same grip. 🤦🏻‍♂️ your gym just doesn’t have one somehow.
The fuck did I just watch
Some taste bad some taste good. Mocha is my fave.
"True, but then we need to consider how many calories a 350+ body needs to maintain vs 180 lbs"
It sucks but manual correcting and conscious effort is the way to fix posture. No amount of face pulls or whatever is going to fix it without that
holy fuck that’s a lot of weight
Dude cut that shit in half and actually put some work in to it. I have no idea why you would superset deadlifts with kettlebell swings but if you’re capable of doing that after FIVE movements you aren’t putting enough into any of them. This looks like you just looked at every machine in your gym and slapped them on a list.
lol all these words and nothing of value was said.
That's impressive for a natty. That's all. How many years have you been lifting?
😂 fuck it
Congrats on coming out the Victor.
"&gt; I am still confused on the amount of sets I need to do weekly per muscle group

as many as the well written and designed program you chose from someone with years of experience training themselves/others.

&gt;  if say you workout 10 total sets for your chest per week, and that's split between two days, so you only do like 2-3 exercises with 3 sets each for chest in a day?

if its 10 sets of chest a week, and you do 3 exercises and 3 sets, that leaves you 1 set for next chest day... 

&gt; Would you even ""feel"" the soreness after the workout with only 2-3 exercises

soreness isnt the most important thing, but if you actually train hard yea you would. problem is most people dont train hard.

&gt; I am in no way an experienced gym goer

see point one then about picking a program. the question you should be asking is: whats a good program for someone at my current experience leve which is (insert here)"
"lmao yeah, im thinking about doing a slow bulk just so i can get bigger legs. but its also pretty sick having veins everywhere so might just maintain for now"
"Any other people struggling with motivation to train-workout- rest just the whole lifestyle, since pandemic? Tips needed."
Then why did my cholesterol drop by 60+% when I went vegan? Lol
"Lol let me get this straight. You come to a subreddit specifically about bodybuilding right? This is not a general fitness or bodyweight fitness or crossfit bullshit subreddit. Then you ask if anyone knows anything about creatine HCL or if we recommend it. I ask you something because this is such a stupid quesiton it's almost impossible to tell if you're trolling or not. Then your response indicates that you think there's some massive difference between HCL or monohydrate. Creatine is creatine. Plain and simple.

You could have spent literally MINUTES doing a quick google search and found that the difference is in the absorption rate and you could take about half the amount of HCL as you do monohydrate, but due to the fact that HCL is more expensive, you're still paying about the same per serving of creatine. But you can't be assed to do a little research yourself, jackass."
Gross
its not even his birthday lol
This a small pp energy comment
"Fuck bb squats, Smith gang 4 lyfe"
"This is such a huge issue that I think could humanize bodybuilders to the outside communities. Just this week I was at a pool party with people making comments about my body in a positive way and their bodies in a negative way. I made a comment that I am insecure just like anyone else and they all responded like they were shocked. 

Getting fit and strong doesnt take away your insecurities, just changes them. It's never enough. Going to therapy helped me. 

What maybe helped the most was having friends who weren't in the gym. Seeing people have beautiful , fulfilling, happy lives while in bodies that I would hate myself to look like made me realize that my happiness is not tied to my fitness. Still a struggle."
Thr background music makes this look like a documentary of a psycho criminal 😂
just looks like he threw a filter
"The before picture idiot, the very picture you were arguing about."
Looking solid bro! Nice work
You might lose some endurance and weights might feel a bit heavier for a bit but your body will bounce back so fast
Lol okay homie I bet you know
What the fuck is this garbled garbage?
"&gt; Yes. I don't count fats/carbs but I do weight everything out and plan on doing so forever. Simply because I have low appetite (I started out at 5'11 120lb) and I will go back to eating nothing if left to by own devices. 

Sounds a lot like me. A lot of people don't track when they bulk. Others track to make sure they don't become a fat fuck. I track to make sure I'm eating *enough.*"
Love to hear you're doing so well my man.
You'll regret not having closeups of how your face / neck changes
God bless
"Ok hear me out for a minute guys. It's pretty commonly agreed that its significantly easier to regain muscle that you may have lost due to not training or other factors (i.e muscle memory). Plenty of studies and cases show that a lot of people are able to gain most of their muscle back within a short ish period of time.  ​

Now lets go to cutting. Almost everyone recommends doing a slow approach where you minimize muscle loss, and losing too much weight too quickly will make you lose all your gains. Now what I don't get (and to clarify this is entirely for people who don't COMPETE in bb shows) is why is it such a big deal to lose some muscle during a cut?

Wouldn't it be fine to lose a relatively decent amount of weight (obviously not doing something like a 50% deficit) and then afterwards bump your calories back up slightly to regain some muscle you lost? I can see this wouldn't work for people who want to be absolutely shredded to the bone with maximum muscle mass, but wouldn't it be okay otherwise? 

Thoughts? Or am I just a fuckin retard who ate one to many crayons today"
I feel like I instantly fall in love with every girl I see who looks like she lifts. I should probably stop doing that.
jesus he looks like a baki character
"PM me if you want, I'd be happy to help you navigate and find better prices and policies."
"Judges fucked up big time. They rewarded condition over size in Open class. They made a dangerous precedent. Clarida should have been 4th or 5th. Regan should have won, Sergio 2nd. Otherwise next year Clarida beats Ramy. Judges are so inconsistent, it's pathetic."
Really? Dude I gotta fact check but damn that’s interesting!
Fair enough
"No it's true, they require less mass to look bigger. Basic biology

Plus I'm over 6' and I'm well aware of the struggles"
Supplements are considered poison because big phrama doesn't get their cut when people buy them. Recently it was revealed that people have a 34% less chance of dying form COVID from taking Vitamin D3 in a study conducted in Spain. How many recall 20 years ago the media saying that doctors say vitamins can make you die faster and do nothing?
"Furthermore there are no photos on my post history.
The sketch stuff is acne which I've always dealt with.
But there is no way I can convince you. Sadly I somewhat care what other people think so It's demotivating for me now. I can share some pics from the last year - maybe that'd help."
yeah could be that. i haven’t been doing as much cardio as i was a couple years back now that i’m think about it
"I must suffer from serious body dysmorphia, because I have no idea how this dude looks so big being the same weight as me and 6 inches taller??    I need to get my shit together and get my pro card."
I hope not. I’m counting on them not lifting my shirt
"This is pretty off topic but your post about your tooth/surgery is one of the things that really helped me get over the hump, address some trauma, and get my dumb ass into the dentist. It's been a really big goal and life thing for me to get over it and just go so I wanted to thank you!"
I got the best farts
Alright thanks man will check it out
Wrong sub (and both)
"Straight beast man, hella proud of you!"
"Except Markus Ruhl had a better chest, back and legs. And was taller. Nick looks odd, no flow,  no real detail, just a big block of muscle, with varicose  veins. If he competed at around 205-230 he’d be more aesthetically pleasing."
Looking good champ
"its probably a dog shit forum that gives terrible advice and tells you to abuse drugs and that steroids are the best magical thing ever. They aren't.

If you want someone who is actually huge, cares about harm reduction/health and has made some fucking monsters 

trainedbyjp.com"
"Home work out it is, thanks"
"Ngl idk what law school has to do with peanut butter, but that’s a lot of peanut butter."
"Or as I like to call it, yoga."
"Accutane was one of the worst things I've ever put in my body, and I used to do IV heroin using water from a puddle on the ground and filtered through the cotton from a cigarette butt."
I have excellent calves (most likely because of big soleus) but the worst glutes ever.
No
"That’s good to hear, I’ll definitely try it! Oddly I can low bar squat without any issues, part of it could be I have more trouble bracing on dl than squats, but eh I’m not gonna force it. Thanks for the response!"
If that's 2 stars then I'm in the negatives lol.
"Goddamn, the husband of one of the nurses that took care of my dad gave me 2oz of weed. Cool dude"
"NGL can’t tell if you’re being sarcastic or serious.  I blame the internet and my lack of knowledge about this guy outside this thread.

However, anger + muscles gives me a good reason to at least suspect."
"Because I disagree with him being a genetic phenom lol yea I know that you need a combo of good genetics and a good cycle to get to certain levels of fitness, I also don’t think you need great genetics when you’re on as much shit as he’s on and has been on. So I disagree. Get yo panties out that bunch brother lol"
I love that part
"Anecdotally, there are pros who swear by deadlifts for lower back development. That they develop those erector muscles in a way they things like rack pulls just can’t.

Don’t ask me how, I have no idea, but I’ve always loved deadlifts for overall strength and hearing pros talk about them for erector development seals the deal for me"
Look at him. There's no fucking way he's just on creatine and whey. You need BCAAs to get this big.
"It's definitely the best choice from a longevity perspective, and if you properly learn to use it the exercises feel great. There has been too much circlejerking around it."
"So you can know what you look like in the clothes with a pump

Fr tho tons of gyms sell shirts and other merch"
Its a dumb name i think
"I switched to mornings as a notorious hater of mornings in general and now wake up at 5 every day for my AM fasted time then head to the gym at 7.30am.

Changed my life man, evenings completely free and the morning crowd are pretty cool"
Grant does look amazing. I think Anthony in 3 years at his age will surpass him
"This ain’t it. 

Seriously, there’s like 15 other subs and 2 weekly threads for shitty pictures of unimpressive physiques."
So nothing to be stressed about unless I’m one week out on prep lol
"This makes me cringe and it makes me sad all at the same time.  Please lay off the gear if you really are using.  Fourteen is waaaay too young and the risks at your age are simply NOT WORTH IT.  

I know it's really hard to be self aware at 14, so please take this as constructive criticism so you'll know why people are giving you a hard time and down votes.  It might be difficult to hear this advice but I'm trying to help you.

Your physique isn't really anything worth posting lots of videos *and bragging about it*.  It's fine to post videos if you're humble about it and are simply asking for advice.  It's fine to be confident about your progress and compared to most 14 year olds you look good.

However, the video is not worth bragging about - too many glaring holes in your physique, no knowledge of posing and I don't even want to begin to try to understand what you think you're doing with the dumbbells.  

You just can't post something like this on a forum with active, professional, competing bodybuilders with the subcontext of ""hey look at me I'm so great,"" especially when NO ONE and I mean NO ONE on this forum is going to think it's a good idea for you to use gear.

On the other hand, I think it's great that you are interested in bodybuilding.  Starting young is wonderful - if you're patient and diligent and keep learning you can accomplish a lot of great things.   If you pursue bodybuilding with the attitude that you want to be the best version of yourself rather than simply better than others, you will have the right attitude.  Enthusiasm and passion are also admirable and useful traits - temper them with humility.

Good luck and keep training.  Learn as much as you can, get off the gear NOW and change your mindset."
trt? lol
damn bro you're like that? just read the rules now let it slide damn
"You have inspired me to try inverted rows again today. They're probably the best row, but last time I tried them I didn't feel it well. Which is funny because I actually do my pullups to sternum."
"Well actually some people, speaking from experience, can have a healthy lifestyle and still have low T issues. No matter how healthy I ate, how much I slept, or any amount of stress fixed my low T. And I was 19."
"Damn bro. In 30
Days and a tan you’ll be the most striated 17 year old I’ve seen

Also you are hitting incline at the right proportions to flat huh??"
I don't know what you're getting at honestly
Thank you!
I understand why people would want a permanent solution. I don’t judge. It’s just not for me.
I wouldn’t say it doesn’t mean shit. It’s not a guranteed win but he’s definitely the most likely
"yeah I do this too. It's much more comfortable to run without a shirt, especially for longer runs where any bit of friction starts to get annoying."
"Yeah that's generally the pattern I'm following now. My 4 push/pull days are 2 isolation/supported compound/smith machine, and then 1 free weight. Leg day is generally 3 isolation with 1 squat variation and 1 hip hinge at the end."
"More Rich clips on positive mindset:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-rbmGNSrrw&amp;t=3178s

https://youtu.be/quESXOkrsfo?list=FLvWKlJ98SJ22kKj2EAyx9wQ&amp;t=2035"
"Had to chuckle at a pair of dyel kids in the gym yesterday, had 7 plates (25kg / 55lb ones) aside on the incline leg press. With every plate the ROM got an inch less"
Huge! Congrats on the win! Are you going to grace us with some more stage shots
"Cracks me up that all my female friends like all my gym insta posts, but never the guys. I posted two unedited pics in my guys only group chat (all my friends are normies) and they all said post neither when I asked for help picking haha"
"M 5’3 134-135. Cutting down around 16-18% bf rn. Eating 1500 cals, weight constantly fluctuates no big jump ups but really frustrating eating this low. In the Army so I’d thought I would have more calories to play with. Morning PT+ lifting in the afternoon. Easily 10,000 steps 5/7 days of the week. But here we are 🥲"
"I can honestly say that the extra rest I've been getting from WFH has increased my testosterone and because of that, I will agree with you that indeed it is fucking magic."
Love him but def not gonna juice
You son of a bitch
You are certainly blessed then
That's all that matters then bro excellent physique too
"Fuck, that’s genius. Literally doing that tomorrow."
"Yeah, it’s a process. Just trust the process and you’ll be back to full form soon. It’s funny, when I separated my shoulder, we were on the way to the hospital and my son said, “If you’re gonna play, you gotta pay”… he was never so right haha. Wish you the best."
"A lot of people getting upset over my fairly innocuous comment. If you don't have a job and are just working out, that's fine. At least you're doing something to improve yourself. Keep doing your thing, welfare queens. I support you (in a few ways lol)."
"Hey man… ahh thanks for the message! Yeah I’m ok thanks, alongside all the issues I went through I now have COVID, a fucked ankle and have to self isolate! It’s a shit situation but in the grand scheme of plans it was the right call, though my gut health may not agree haha.

Got a lot to work through and adjust my approach for, and learnt a lot, think I’ll take it as a W overall"
Phil looks way better tbh
I hate sleeping.  Boring as shit.
Damn where’s Tom Brady when you need him?
I stretch the truth when I'm talking to girls I'm interested in does that count?
"stop using macro calculators. you already know your maintenance, work off that"
"It’ll be interesting to see how he’ll look on stage with a heightened weight ceiling of 15-22 pounds . His rear lat spread is absolutely nuts, especially for a classic physique competitor. Moton will be a larger threat in 212 than he was in classic."
"It takes nut sack to admit you need help, and to make a public video explaining the situation. Not gonna lie it hit me in the feels hard when he got choked up."
"Yes, you can actually eat 5000 calories a day instead of thinking you do."
Complacency kills
Playa del Carmen was like that in every corner of the city
It’s hard to hold a phone steady when you’re jerking off
Yep and holy shit but not surprising
I feel like classic leans more towards the early 80s and that classic X frame then the golden age of the 70s.
"[posted before, but cut results](https://imgur.com/a/sW1xvtw)

M/5’11/29/210lbs here
Currently starting my massing phase and I’m at 235.8 today."
"To be honest, there’s no food you have to eat, maybe chicken with hot sauce, or lean steak would be easier. I just go with Tuna because it’s convenient, and I’m very work focused, so it’s very in and out for me."
"[If you're feeling adventurous](https://itdoesnttastelikechicken.com/vegan-seitan-steak/)

[Something a little simpler](https://cookieandkate.com/how-to-make-crispy-baked-tofu/) (and make with a side(s) of your choice, I personally always love some roasted veggies"
"Yeah those.

Something that changed my perspective was doing a stint of PSMF.

I don't necessarily recommend that- it is much more mentally comfortable to have a stable daily average of intake &amp; scale weight. Don't want to get the rollercoaster started.

But I realized some things about appetite, satiety, taste, diversity in my diet. One of those, ""oh you think you're hungry at 1600? i'll show you what hunger is"". or, ""you're whining about not being able to eat what you want? well you have 1100 calories today, get creative &amp; learn about portion control; 500 of those go to chicken breast""

Like you, I came to the realization that it was about time. A lot of my motivation was understanding and reminding myself that the less I eat today, the quicker I'll get this over with."
"15 days or weeks??? Haha, good luck man you already look great!"
Good luck bro ! I wanna compete one day but have no idea how to go about it.
No one cares
Lol the hubby and I had cutouts at dodger stadium during quarantine
"i found chatting with you a lot helps me stay creative in my writing. ive got a possible crazier plot twist for my next cycle. not sure im going to go through with it but if i do itll definitely be something nobody on reddit does. dont think ill go public with it just yet tho. and sorry the write up was so long lmao you know me, too long winded"
"Thing is, he still looks a cut above the rest on stage"
"I know what a good morning is. The row part baffles me.

Is it an rdl where you pause and row at the Bottom?"
Basic fitness questions? You could ask them in the daily discussion on r/fitness…
No as in he’s down 40lbs to downsize and get healthier
Thanks man! It’s amazing how much of the battle is mental. A restrictive diet physiologically changes the way you think as you get leaner and leaner. Staying positive and trying not to get psyched out like that. Thanks for the comments and experience
One way or another we reconnect with God or eachother.
Yes
At least my legs look good
"Thanks so much for sharing this. Thing is, anyone who watched him wouldn’t doubt this story for a second"
"I feel like it’s the opposite if anything. Almost everyone here just mindlessly follows some cookie cutter template they believe is great because everyone parrots it is.

No one speaks about fatigue management, training intensity/effort, smart programming, proper periodization. 

I see more people run a “perfect” diet than put any thought into training except “hmm they say X program is good, they can’t explain why but they say it is so it must be good”"
"I once got super excited that I smashed a huge deadlift PR, uploaded the video, commented on the daily of another lifting sub. Then I finally looked at the still loaded bar and realized I forgot a pair of 45s. 

So yes."
Oh lmao
"If you really are natural, you have top tier genetics and should consider hopping on."
"Love u refer on suck on sex with this style, will sallow of recent break, to ask for many, long time, to enjoy u are block this -."
"For sure, hit me up on ig @adamokelley"
"If you're not trying to live like a bodybuilder in early 70s California

Then what's the point tbh"
Haha thank you. That's probably the one part that I've been told about the most.
"Dude i love when un-educated presumptious fools try to tell me where my acne comes from
My mother and many other family members had just the same and worse 
And i stopped prep because im going to be a dad"
"Gg ez

Get good scrublord"
rip gains
"failure is balls to the wall tf?

if I'm benching and hit 8 reps and I know I can't get 9 then I have hit failure at 8 reps. I can't just scream and go super saiyan and do 3 more reps ""balls to the wall""

If I finished my earlier sets with a rep or two in the tank then thats not failure thats RPE 8/9"
"Oooh, hell yeah! Working now but I’ll check it all out later today. Thanks, dude!"
Yeah dude they almost treat you as good as those poor kids in wheelchairs
"I definitely don't hate the fact I don't have to wear one and society is coming round again but a big part of me wishes masks and social distancing become the norm. I used to get colds a lot and they were always really fucking bad, haven't had one in over a year now and it is so nice. I do hope people take getting any sort of illness seriously. I hate that people think it is okay to go out or to work with a cold or the flu. Some people get hit worse with it and don't want that shit."
"I want a big back, I'll go eat my chicken &amp; rice"
do u feel like shit all the time being that low of body fat %
"damn, you must work out at the library"
Great content 😂
Currently cutting and yesterday forgot to eat before my workout and felt like I was gonna die the whole time lol Is a banana and plain bagel for some carbs before a workout a good choice? I’ve been eating like 2k calories. I like to eat high protein low cal foods for the first half of the day like 700-800cal then hit the gym at like 9pm and eat the rest of calories after as long as I hit my protein and calorie goals is that fine too?
Lol his lats remind of wings. He’s ridiculously massive
"Thanks man. I still went to the gym and pushed myself as much as I mentally could haha. Still made sure to get that cardio in though, ain't gonna get that bf% down by moping around haha"
Yes please
Grandma was a freak
yeah yeah dont shit where you eat but im thirsty AF so probably
Bro wtf. How are you shoulders so wide. God damn.
My legs are my best strength (obviously they still need work tho) so when my prep progresses I’ll be showing them more!
"Interesting how dudes that look like a pile of garbage and don't lift  are willing to go shirtless at any given opportunity 

But serious lifters hate it because (insert insecurity here)"
Ok.
"NEVER. I used to do that shit all the time and genuinely thought that I was being super helpful. You'll learn very quickly that 9 out of 10 people will get defensive, standoffish, offended, etc.. and that 10th person *might* give you an awkward glance or 'thanks'

Unless someone is doing something nearby that might hurt me, I don't say a damn thing to anyone ever unless someone asks for help. The worst kind of advice in just about any situation is unsolicited advice."
Like 80-90% of the people who have elite totals especially in the 105kg categories and below pull sumo and when you get in the 74kg categories and below that percentage becomes almost 100%. One top 3 guy I can get off my head who doesn't pull sumo and isn't a SHW is Haack rn.
And your pp will b sad :-(
"To have good chances for a pro card you'd have to be at least around 170 at your height after the cut. You'd bulk up to 190-200 with a little higher bodyfat, then cut down to somewhere around 170. 

You don't need a lot of gear if you wanna go that route. Start small and take your time. Check out moreplatesmoredates and Anabolic Doc on youtube if you haven't already and inform yourself about risks and benefits. Good luck on your journey."
"Text files for gym progress stored in Dropbox so they're accessible anywhere and from any device.

General productivity

* Cronometer (food)
* Daybook (journaling)
* TickTick for everything else (misc. notes, tasks, etc.)"
his daughter is really pretty too. She married star lord
Yeah it helps with anxiety big time. That’s a reason I don’t smoke much weed to begin with
"IDK what movie. Kids need to agree on it and then my sister who watches over zoom with us (she watches it on her TV not through the actual zoom call/quality)  will need to want to watch it as well.

As far as Falcon... I've hated all the action scenes and it's really dragging the series down for me. I only really like Bucky and don't care about any of the other characters lol. WandaVision was so amazing for me (us) and this has just been a let down."
I feel attacked
Set an alarm on your phone to check on it before u burn ur house down
"Good question. I’ve been on 160mg test E since about October of 2016, and I’ll  throw in orals now and then for pre workout for 4 to 6 weeks when I’m feeling motivated.

Before that I’ve ran test e, with various orals including anadrol, Diana ol, superdrol, etc. I used tren e also once but really couldn’t stand it and stopped after 6 weeks. I honestly don’t remember exact details but maybe about 6 cycles of test e starting at 600 mg only and up to 800 mg later on with orals? I’m sorry I don’t have the exact details of them really. I didn’t pct between cycles just dropped to a replacement dosage, and I have no intentions of not being on self administered trt, either."
Good shit. Keep going bro.
"Gotcha. Yeah my carbs mainly are coming from rice. Half way through my bulk my plan was to go to sweet potatoes so just change up flavor etc. 

I’ll monitor it then as well, thank you!"
This looks like a major case of gymidation to me
makes sense lol i just see those programs all over this sub so i assumed they were out there.
"That was perfectly said, I really appreciate the reply. You’re right, even if it ends up failing I can still give it my best shot and see what happens, thank you!"
"The Shredded Chef has been my favorite. The first few chapters are about nutrition and putting together meals and the rest of the book are pretty good, healthy recipes. Some subreddit put together a fit meals cookbook that’s hit and miss. I spent like $10 and made a hard copy at Staples."
"Yeah I know, just sorta getting my thoughts out there for strangers to read so I know at least SOMEONE knows, but i appreciate it all the same brotha"
"Looking great man!  Good enough to confidently hit that pose in a public bathroom!  🤣

Keep doing what you're doing"
"If don’t funny you legs after walk doing, do even legs you did?"
"You have the lower body and you have no upper body, you got a problem building...wait a minute. You have the upper body, and you have no legs, you got a problem building your legs. You have the upper...you have the lower body and you don't have the upper body, the upper body, it is easier to build. So if you have the lower body and you don't have the upper body, it is easier to build the upper body. You have the upper body and you don't have the legs, you got a problem building the lower body... No, you don't understand. You have the upper body, but you don't have the lower body, you got a problem building downstairs. You got the up- legs on the bottom, it is easier to build on the top, so you don't have much as a problem. Yeah."
Ted Bundy lookin ass
what do you look like? just curious
"Damn dude you've blown up since we first seen you like a year ago, was it a year? Or was it even less"
"I had a dream last night, that the Mr. Olympia winner was determined by who could climb a giant Ninja Warrior style tower fastest and grab the Sandow at the top. For some reason I was competing, but instead of being myself, I was in the body of Lee Priest and won the damn thing."
I'm supposed to be cutting for summer but it's cold af and snowing (aka chili weather) so I think I'll extend my bulk for a couple weeks
"No idea

Honestly just get the EliteFTS ones John recommends. I have tried multiple brands and the EliteFTS are the best I've used

No I'm not marketing for them"
I was thinking from Dad to Daddy but I like yours better haha
"Okay, now imagine doing the same exercise, but instead of rowing you keep your arms straight and just do scapula retractions, instead of doing scapula recreation + arms bending as in a normal row. 

Wouldn't you be able to move more weight and still fully contract your upper back? 

Not saying to toss out rows, but as far as traps development goes, moving your elbows don't provide more traps contraction, whereas it fatigues your arms"
It happens. Doesn’t seem like your strength has actually taken a hit though so that’s a win.
"buy a good cookbook and get cooking.  you'll pick up a lot of seasoning blends, techniques etc...

personally i love [this](https://www.googleadservices.com/pagead/aclk?sa=L&amp;ai=DChcSEwiawsf_pvzzAhUDU3IKHV4xCaYYABAEGgJxdQ&amp;ae=2&amp;ohost=www.google.com&amp;cid=CAESQeD291MnYRSWrrvOPPq4BXY9GacvtKU4LhJbgacSsBReYlgi857MhcNBi07T8dSAr8paaNSdLCz4HdkkeOYWvZ1d&amp;sig=AOD64_1U3Haj6MhlUFap4KAF1U5d1kVj7g&amp;ctype=5&amp;q=&amp;ved=2ahUKEwi4sJ7_pvzzAhXvUt8KHaYKDHoQ9aACegUIARDrAQ&amp;adurl=) cookbook from America's Test Kitchen.  All the recipes are great and the book has recipes for literally every food you could want.

edit: i don't buy into the whole anabolic cooking shtick.  just calculate the macros for the recipe on mfp.  like obvi i'm not gonna be making fried foods or most sweet baked good, but you can easily make a good pasta dish and format your macros for the rest of the day around it with chicken/rice etc..."
"I'm so jealous of your discipline with dieting like that.  I know everything I do is on point from training to gear, but I'm over here trying to see how much protein is in pop tarts so I can justify not having eggs."
Fair enough. Care to share the life gains?
Who cares about being accepted socially when you can toss people around like pizza dough
yes it does thank you so much
What a normal non rich piana looking rich piana pic
Ah and you’re homophobic lol. Never seen a more clear piece of fucking dirt in my life hahahahha
Yeah man bloodshot and Hosstility are both pre’s. Bloodshot is non stim though and I definitely felt way more focused and more connection when using that compared to the other product.
"Sweet, hope it’s a good fight"
It doesn’t matter. Make Phil more blurry and he‘ll still look better. You’re pretending like this is some 240p picture when it’s actually decent quality. Nasser is super watery f.e.
bulking sucks
They're like 30 bucks on amazon
The best way possible is to not fuckin do it
I guess that's fair if you do any cardio.
"The lower traps are weakly activated in pull ups because you're depressing your shoulder blades, but it's the upper traps that give you the sloping look. So no, not at all."
"Maybe everyone here is too ""mature"" to like anime/game inspired hairstyles or some shit. I don't know."
Yeah I saw that too. My concern is people are just going to keep faking the cards.
"Even if I ignore it, I'll still have to deal with losing access to most social venues.  And I'll still have to deal with most mass gatherings, events, and festivals being cancelled.  A huge desire of mine is to overcome social anxiety and get better at meeting people.  Mask mandates make that goal extremely hard to work toward."
I mean I wouldn’t interrupt anyone w headphones on personally. What am I gonna ask you to remove them from your head so I can run my mouth? Most you’d get Is a tap and a point in a direction
"Firstly, your back looks great brother. Second, everyone is different so take this with a grain of salt. I've also always felt like my lat width lagged behind the rest of back, and underhand lat pulldown honestly made a huge difference for me personally."
"Thanks partner. Just gotta stay diligent, it’ll come with time."
"/u/deez3001 can we please have a ""worst of"" awards now? And the winners (losers) get some stupid gay ass ugly flair? Please buddy, we need this."
"Fitness Instagram is very repetitive.

Everyone using the same exact angles and the same cheesy hip hop/rock songs. The same inspirational mottos and gimmicks. It genuinely feels like the vast majority of fitness folks are imitating each other to the point of parody, trying to fulfill some fantasy version of what a fitness influencer is like in their mind. When you follow enough people, you realize the sameness of it. Shit, even this observation isn't original but it really hit me today.

I love bodybuilding and I love the aesthetic of the human body but it's like social media bubble completely zapped the creativity out of it.

I post less because of it. No one needs to see my bicep pose every other day with some Ace Mask blasting in the background and know I'm a lion among sheep that hustles like I'm hungry and am too legit to quit."
tfw i’ve been doing like triple his recommended volume
Really good point… I don’t think about little shit like that honestly
holy shit awesome physique
"Holy shit bro, I’m proud of you!"
"imagine what would happen if someone ate like 1.5 g/lb of chicken breast and nothing else every day

and then went to failure on like 20 sets of exercises 5 times a week

i don't even want to imagine"
"Guys I’m pretty sure I have an eating disorder. Realized last night when I realized I also have severe body dysmorphia, go on junk binges (today was chips), after fasting for 17-18h the first meal I eat is until I nearly throw up, I feel guilt after eating mostly anything, and I exercise in excess to either make up for what I have eaten or to give myself more to eat"
"Yep, any carb source you digest well (oat flour for example), whey, and maybe some fruit and nut butter if that's how you have your macros. Blend that and drink it while you do your things around the house, should save some time."
She wants to make you fat so no one else will want you. My wife does this with chocolate chip cookies.
"""are you a bloatlord maxx! Do you want to get shredded and look like you read books 'n' shit, no worries. Watch this video and don't forget to like and subscribe"""
I feel great. Eating about 2800 calories daily
"I am on my second round of Gamma Bomb. I would recommend looking over the entire workout before you hit the gym. He provides videos for a lot of the movements and explains exactly what you should be doing. It seems like you went in a little unprepared. 

As for the leg raises, I can't imagine JM would have them under an ""Abs"" title if they didn't actually engage abs. Might just need to check form there."
Good luck!   Keep up the good work!
"Baby Groot is a beginner focused program but if you follow the rest times and such it's more like 70-90 minutes depending on the day... you could always make it more cardio based, though, with shorter rest times."
Good to know my assumption was correct lmao
Close win for sure
Yooo looking amazing man! Btw sorry if this is a weird question but where do you find the Umbros at? And are they briefs or trunks or boxer briefs? Because I’ve been tryna find some good umbros for a while but I can’t so I wanted to ask where you got them and stuff if that’s okay
Back didn't respond to the diet unfortunately k peace out bye
hell yeah dude
"I love Bob, but he's delusional. He could have placed higher I'll give him that, but the thought that he was anywhere close to Haney is absurd."
"First off, where the fuck is this scenery???"
-100000% chance
"Thanks for the info. Would ice or heat help as well? If so, which one would be better?"
I pay for it. But I’m 17 and she pays for literally everything else in my life to be fair
Handsome!
GH was used very mildly but not abused and slin  wasn’t around.
Thanks man
"Better physiques. U can be a great, but if A GREATER physique like Ronnie Coleman or Dorian Yates is there...u become ONE OF the greats.. ala barkely and Jordan."
"Only ~1 week left of cutting. Waffled back and forth about trying some kind of water shed and then refill via diet changes on last few days then said screw it and I'll just end up how I end up, doesn't matter. 

Hit 225 Bench for an AMRAP today hoping for 30 and only got 28. Which I think is a 1 rep PR but I really wanted the 30. It raining so I can't overhead press so Im setting up my DIY viking press for once."
"Looking great bro , you’ve got this. I feel like you’re supposed to be too conditioned these days. 6 week will do you well with what your competing against. But a your current state keeps it classic which is always tasteful! Keep up the hard work and best of luck in the show🤜🏻🤛🏿"
I call this the Mel Gibson in Lethal Weapon 2 chique.
You look great and good luck! Cut your hair lmao
"I think he won the iffb pro card (America), and the ifbb elite pro card (Europe)"
When you just say fuck it and drive it like a semi and don’t use a clutch.
Honestly all of this sounds vaguely familiar. Just had my 8 years on Reddit so idk man haha.
Sucks
Cool thanks for the advice
Rip gains
Pretty sure you don‘t do spaces before periods there either
Time to get bigger and better 💪💪
Thank you. Do you mean I’d slay the normies if I cut down a bit?
Now I’m sad again :( I was hoping so hard it wasn’t suicide
"Me big weight lift, me munch yummy Crayola."
Freaky back shape
Stevia but its pretty unlikely to get any negative side effects from them unless you're really abusing them
"Im bored haha so guys, whats your workout routine through the week. Im doing Mon, Tue, REST, Thurs, Fri, Sat, REST. Thinking about doing all 5 days in row and then rest for two days in row for better recovery maybe"
"I love how feathered your pecs look already! Also, nicely balanced physique overall. I'm sure you're going to look awesome!"
Looking positively Sum 41’d
I like *all* of the words you just said
"Oh nice, love a bit of welding, pretty shit at it but it's a lot of fun. Honestly I've got basically no experience with a proper rack like that bad girl, so no ideas for you but I'm sure you'll figure something out bud."
"Honestly I’m just dreaming about something different. If possible, I’m tempted to pitch up somewhere like Vietnam. Grab some test from a pharmacy, get stared at at that one gym in Ho Chi Minh, then do my work on a beach."
I use it too . Its a good tool
You are going to be a real threat on that stage.
"i have the same issue with my tris, it sucks. but you do what you can, same as cbum does for his biceps."
Rogan says a lot of dumb shit
Nice wheels bro
Lol are u retarded? This guy is on mad steroids.
"2nd week of cut, sleep already disturbed. 

Woke up at 4am with my adrenaline and stomach saying go eat a food!"
Yes
Can you please link me to Justin’s? I can’t find it.
I hope you grow lats and a chest some day. Cmon goob....
"Personally the above video is perfect, idk if I'd want him more shredded."
"He just has a huge head mate, physique is great though"
"You aren't really gonna look like you lift if you only max 200 lbs, especially if you aren't super lean. Even then you won't look like you lift with a shirt on"
"You should probably shoot for 3,000+"
"&gt; a point you like

Good luck"
It doesn't matter. But it will be beneficial to put most of your carbs around the workout
"&gt;I just found out 1 small can has like 16g of protein for $1.

is that even a good deal? thats 10 bucks for a days worth of protein. chicken eggs whey are all way cheaper than that for me.

i'm pretty sure you shouldnt live on tuna due to mercury. if you wanna eat a bunch of tuna for a few weeks, whatever but year round is bad."
Just make that shit yourself and save $
Fuck off Greg
Cool thanks man
Yeah basically cut down after training for 3 1/2 years for a show I didn’t get to do. From 101kg -87kg now. Going to stay on a slight surplus so I don’t get to fluffy and aim for 92kg
You could try less frequency like a ULxULA (a indicating a day where you focus on a weakpoint or a PPLxUL. You could also do a bro split but itd probably best to set it up in such a way that each muscle group gets some volume 2x a week (chest on Monday and then chest gets additional volume on arms from dips)
Dr Tony Huge isn’t a doctor and isn’t huge. At this point I doubt even the ‘Tony’ part is true.
"To gain 6lbs in two days you would require 21,000 calories in surplus. 

Did you consume 21,000 excess calories in 2 days?"
"In most fitness related internet forums, at least 50% of the users (if not more) are casual gym goers at best. So it's not entirely surprising."
I love Phil
FUCK
What does it feel like when your allergies are acting up?
technological transformations lol
Please maam may i have a crumb of pussy please?
I know PPL is usually what’s recommended for newer natural lifters around here but I gotta say I fucking hate it. Going in on the bro split.
too many retards think they are smart
Ahh damn. Gonna chalk this one up to the cutting fog
"To answer the question you asked, yes. You could do only one well-planned cycle, and almost certainly you’d return to normal. You would add a few kilos of muscle and if you continued to train effectively you’d hold onto about half of what you gained on cycle. A lot of other people chimed into the other considerations and I’ll defer to them."
Dudes working his way to a heart attack from stress
Cock sleeve advertising is starting to look like real life thing.
"Good to know, I've been meaning to get more serious about programming rather than just the odd but of tinkering lol. Might have to try dart out."
"Nick obviously has better arms and legs, but Justin just flows better as a whole to me.

No contest from the back though."
"The few times I've missed a day I've just skipped the day of my strongest area. A day won't change anything so just rest a bit more that week, that will never be bad IMO."
I recommend you do 3x5 on your deadlift day
I have a friend who feels like he is gonna vomit when he hits bis.
"Preworkout is hit-or-miss.

In a perfect world, people don’t need it. Because life &amp; shit happens, it’s a great aid with getting focus, a great pump, motivation &amp; energy. 

Haven’t used one for many years, but it’s understandable as to why many people supplement one."
"I know your pain buddy, I've been banned from dozens of subs solely because of my username."
"yeah, Ramy nailed that last year and helped pay off with the title"
Its Not Possible to build a body like this with the use any supplements. There is a wide range of[https://yoursforeverhealth.com/](https://yoursforeverhealth.com/) that should be included in our daily lifestyle.
All of his parts come from his genetics silly
that looks scary af
Bitches love backs
I pretty much do the same and mix my own pwo with citruline and beta alanine but no arganine. I just pop 200mg caffein and it helps for a while.
Pretty useless and actually helpful surprisingly don’t mean the same thing. Don’t know if you knew that though.
You're gonna look nasty after your cut
Does Steve ever do them like I proposed?
"Children of bodom, disturbed, avenged sevenfold, hammerfall, Unleash the archers, pantera, jinjer"
"Hahaha I think thats the way to go, just assume they're Mirin for my own sanity lol"
i’m a girl so that could be it. tiny hands :(
Bless Snapchat memories for reminding me of how much more progress I’ve seen with [one year of bodybuilding](https://imgur.com/a/uu7zsTG) ...vs &gt;2 yr of strictly strength. [nsfw &amp; shitty selfie mode]
Hell yes
I’m trying haha. Even just smiling and making small talk to random people in and out the gym has helped
"That’s a pretty cool idea! My gym actually has a forearm machine that Is pretty neat, I’ll try to get a pic of it later and I’ll add it here. I think it’ll be my primary source for the forearm gains lol."
Nice job man!
Thank you!!
"Haha, thanks. I think its kind of the point though, no matter how much you grow, youre always too small."
"Good one mate, you may have future in stand up comedy 😂"
It is impressive over 2 times bodyweight for 3 reps is pretty good
"Definitely side laterals then, you’ll get the side delt popping out eventually"
Gen Iron clickbait is the worst.
I’m an personal trainer and online coach haha I have coached myself for 2/3 shows I’ve done but I will be getting a coach this week just to stress a bit less
Zyzz was actually a pretty small dude.
You must be seriously attractive to not only have one stalker but multiple stalkers. Personally I don’t even see girls looking at me and based on what I’ve seen with other dudes I’m going to assume you’re an exception even amongst serious lifters.
"I love these physiques, where you know they have a powerful back but their genetics makes everything else almost “lean” on it to the point where you can’t even see the back. Also the pose helps obviously."
I love when cats and dogs watch TV 😭
My favorite way to cook chicken is in the crockpot. I like it super tender. Then I shred it and store it. Lately I've been eating taco / taco bowls.
"he looks good as classic, in a natural show"
What are your thoughts on the female fitness division?
"Nice man! I did men’s physique once a few years ago and they shorted me. This time will probably only do classic. I’ve got strong legs and I don’t see the point in not
Being awarded for my stronger body parts. I’m pretty wide too! Good luck to you man. Keep us posted."
"What's wrong wth his abdomen, he has a huge hole in it?"
"Nope, he injects 5mg of creatine ED"
Fun though
Check out bigger leaner stronger by Michael Matthew.  Also Macrobolic Nutrition can’t remember author
"What are you on about, i love deloads"
Lee would win if it werent for getting mogged from the back. Flex has probably the best back for a short guy in history
"Shit homie, i wish i made it to 11th grade"
"You're really killing it as a natural. If you would go to just 9.5% body fat, you will guarantee be in top 4"
Why? Because of gaining fat in your face?
Your answer to my original question is what you just stated. You prioritize carbs around training and may not have any to spare in the evenings. Not “it has calories”
Quads looking insane bro💪
"Would you rather look like a panty-dropping alpha male, or a Welsh shaved midget gorilla?"
"Haven’t trained for strength in a couple months and the other day pulled 95% of my DL max easy at the end of a few heavyish sets. Went to do the same with squats yesterday and couldn’t get out the hole. 

Conclusion: I’m a weak little bitch."
"This challenge, I accept."
"I'd love to take a 110 pound banana nut milkshake for a ride today, bet it'd feel pretty good"
i like chris too but lets not gabble on his cawk 24/7
gout sucks. that's all.
"Damn you just described exactly what i feel on every last set of calf raises lmao, thought i was the only one"
"I'm taking both -- no tingles from either !!

Wherefore art thou, tingles ?"
"Maybe 15-18% You have a solid base, but little definition."
"Who cares? His life sounds miserable. Would you really want that?

I was also a comp sci major in college. I graduated with a higher GPA than yours, but guess what? In the end it didn't matter. I still would've gotten the same job (or something comparable) if it was lower.

I'd be filled with regret later in life if that's how I spent my college years. Don't worry about him. Focus on yourself, keep your grades up, and don't forget to enjoy your time in school."
"I got in pretty quick with my preorder so I’ll see. I’m hoping since I got the $650 model they’ll get those out first. 

Who knows..."
Are you searious? Lee's best placing at the O was like 6th.
"Who on Earth would disagree with either of these two statements?

edit: aside from the_fatalist and nsuns/sumodadlifts after the whole MMC debacle a few months back lol"
Jesus dude wtf why
"My spinal erector back pain issues have gotten to the point where I decided I need to see a doctor.  The previous two times I injured myself, it was extremely painful after the initial injury and fully recovered in a week.  This time around it's been gradually just getting worse and now I'm at the point where I don't feel comfortable lifting because I know it'll make the pain worse.  I got an appointment with a physician for next week and 3 physical therapy appointments for the end of November and beginning of December.  I'm hoping nothing is too fucked up.  The last thing I'd want to see is a fucking spinal erector injury end my lifting days 🙁

I'm taking this week off from lifting... Or at least lower body stuff idk I might do some upper body pump work just for the sake of it.  But yeah hoping next week I feel better.  Probably not gonna do back squats any time soon, but if I can deadlift and do safety bar squats, I'll be happy."
Because some people like myself got fatter during covid and lost muscle due to not being active in the gym. I wanted to get abs for the summer and now I have them.
"Yeah, that’s your issue, assumptions with incomplete data…"
"Why hire any of them? There are just as good of trainers that cost $200 a month. Those guys charge like thousands lol…not worth the money, especially not worth if your not doing some kind of high profile show, and even then…"
Agreed! Thanks for your feedback. Tri’s need some work.
Congrats to those of you who made it down this far!
[Easily one of my favorite poses. ](https://imgur.com/a/FgCKZbg)
"Close grip bench press is great, you can also do tricep kickbacks and my personal favorite: overhead seated dumbbell extensions"
I guess. He just a normal person like I was.
LOL srsly +1.  If you have to mention ur “natty” chances are ur not.
Thanks yeah its stopped more sheading.
Lol that's the reason I'm reluctant to find a job.  I fucking hate the 9-5 grind and getting paid to do nothing is nice.  I don't wanna go back unless it's something that won't suck the soul from my body.
"Currently cutting. Didn’t want veggies tonight but wanted so fiber so I don’t get hungry later. Meant to pour 8g of psyllium husk powder, and spilled and poured 25g. Not wanting to waste it, I slammed it down.

Wish my b-hole the best tomorrow"
Just keep looking bud :)
Met Oberst today. Feeling smaller than ever
Unfortunately I bet in 15 years this guy will be dead
Haha man I just dropped a shit ton of weight and just want to figure out where I want to go from here and would like a coach hopefully it's not to hard to find
"Okay, how do you distinguish the times it is an indicator from the times it isn't?"
The hell kinda Barbies you been playing with that have that kinda ab definition
Idk if I’d go that far but that’s super flattering!! Thanks homie
"You seem like a young dude, so just keep it up. Ramp up your caloric intake with foods that'll help you accumulate mass without too much fat."
"credentials are definitely important, or else you'll have the blind leading the blind. how do we get the more qualified advisors to contribute, is the question"
Guys who want girls like this have a 100% likelihood of deep throating a thumb size clit
"I wish lol, weights are gonna jump up quickly tho since my squat fell from 5 plate from my cut"
"Alright, good to hear! Take care of your health. Yeah you were posting a lot and gave solid advice. Was missing you in the DD."
Lower back day! Deadlift and BB Row 10x10 today bb!
Brandon looks absolutely insane game over
"yeah that makes total sense. thanks man, you don’t know how much I appreciate your input"
"this is the worst discovery to make when lifting. but it's true. you have to train up to higher weights. you can't just hit 135 for 40 reps and assume you can hit 275 for 5. you need to train your rep ranges to higher weights too. but, to some extent there are rules of thumbs that seem to work. most guys ive talked to and in my own experience, once i was able to bench 135 clean for a set of 20, no pauses between reps, i was able to hit 225 for 1."
I think you mean stunning.
You would just waste time gaining and losing glycogen storage.
"Great breakdown, champ."
the hell did I just watch!?
"Yeah I agree but having room to grow doesn’t mean he’s automatically going to win, it depends where that mass is added and on a lot of other factors that’s all. He’s in the top couple of contenders but with the class the way it is I don’t know if we can even presume anything beyond a year down the line"
Ok cool do you have literally any source that shows this?
"Damn, dude. That looks weeeird. I guess now you've got an idea how it feels to get old  :D

Thanks for showing me!"
"Sport pertains to any form of competitive physical activity or game that aims to use, maintain or improve physical ability and skills while providing enjoyment to participants and, in some cases, entertainment to spectators. Sports can, through casual or organized participation, improve one's physical health  
-wikipedia"
That anterior pelvic tilt. No wonder he fucked his back.
"I'm 25, the guy best friend is 24, the girl best friend is 23 and S is 23 too. I mean I understand the hesitancy, ive asked her to give the guy my number if he wanted to talk it out, so ill see if anything changes. It just sucks since these three friends don't live in the same city, this isn't like a weekly thing, last time I've seen them was February."
This is encouraging man. Thanks for sharing.
"No. There are lots of benefits to joining the military. 

You get your entire tuition at a state university covered and a living allowance while in school. 
State universities are good schools. Get off your elitist mindset. College is good."
I agree if we’re talking about joining a natty competition when you’ve used in the past. Not cool. But I have been off the sauce for awhile now without any intention of going back on. Long since lost the enhanced gains. To me that’s “natural” for all intents and purposes outside of competing
"&gt; I got banned from r/ steroids for saying something slightly anti-leftist

You probably got banned because no one wants to listen to politics there or here. Fairly certain r/steroids has a flat out no politics rule. The rest of Reddit has enough autistic screeching for many lifetimes so it’s nice to have subs that don’t talk about it"
Fuck yeah!!! Been waiting for this day to come. Can’t imagine how great it feels for him.
Sounds like Ignatius from A Confederacy of Dunces 🤭
You look great dude! And I’m sure as you get even more peeled your photos will become closer and closer haha
"Good posture is a game changer. 

What other game changers are there?"
"What happened to Americans who lost their job during Covid? Does America have unemployment cheques if they get laid off? I know in Canada people got $2,000 a month if they got laid off due to Covid. How does it work in America if you lose your job?"
"okay, so I feel like I'm here all of the time but I still somehow missed the AAA/twista ban. Anybody have a full history of it?"
"It’s “affected,” you fucking moron."
"Well damn, now I wanna try it"
and then arching their back so high like they're getting ready to take a huge cock all so they can move the bar 0.85 inches and then call it a completed rep
"And with posing help, of course lol

Yea Dillets back just didn't make sense to me. How can he look so amazing and then have such a weird underdeveloped back? Like, it was still ""big"" but it has zero detail. Dude didn't understand proper back contractions hahaha"
I'm gonna fuck her too then &gt;:I ( I want the gainsz!)
Congrats!!
"No way for you to buy bit of material for a home gym?
I do al lot of sports: weight training in home gym and cardio. We also got a dog since for 4 months and the little one is so amazing! Sports in general make me cope with the rona."
"Even Kai is astonished, love these Redcon guys .... glad his the back and forth with Nick is over too, let the physique speak for themselves"
"yeah and that's why bodybuilding is a niche sport because of the drugs.  If they took that shit away, it would appeal more to the general population.  No one wants to look like Ramy with shortness of breath and thighs rubbing together."
Fair enough but now I could definitely eat again yet I’m still in the waiting room lmao!!
Nah buddy these mouth breathers are everywhere.
"On the bright side, my time as a trainer made me fucking *hate* going to local gyms because people would constantly approach me while I worked out on my own time. There were even multiple times at school (22 miles away) where total rando's I can't remember ever speaking to were like ""oh shit you're the trainer at so n so!"" I constantly had to keep up bullshit convos with rando's all over the place to maintain a good social record at my job and it sucked."
"ohhh my bad I completely misunderstood/misread you - I took it as ""exercise 1, rest, exercise 2"". I still do the latter option though."
"For sure, hopefully he didn’t take that shit srsly"
How do you know the article is fear mongering or romanticizing if you don’t read it?
Loneliness
"Agree completely, but I'm one of those people.

Bodybuilding has changed, you've got to establish a social presence and as a non-famous fitness orientated account it's nearly impossible to be creative while balancing actual bodybuilding rather than just being in shape 247.

There are lots of unique accounts, most famous and enabled to be so because of it, but then chicken and egg...

It's hard man, I'd love the 90s 00s bodybuilding without this shit but if you want a sponsorship one day you've got to lean into social and post daily, making it so fucking difficult not to create repetitive vain looking content.

Sucks"
I’m on a cut but I really wanted some Oreos
Thanks man. Damn you must look huge at 235. Bet it’s awesome to be that big haha.
Always better to spread our protein intake through the day
Seconding Ben/James/Iain as the best
I like running but my knees can't handle it. Elliptical and stationary bike on the other way feel much better.
I’m dreading the day I lose my boy. I’m going to need to take bereavement from work....
"he looks good here but imo compared to jewett he definitely looked softer, especially from the back"
"Lol I keep seeing ""touch grass"" lately and it's fucking hilarious"
"This was the first death in bodybuilding that I had to ""experience"" since I started following the sport really closely. Was a bit eye-opening, and really made me think about just how much these guys put themselves through. 

&amp;#x200B;

Such a horrible loss. Seemed like a great guy, and would've been fun to watch as he hit his prime."
"Been stuck using my home gym for a full year as of next well. It gets the job done, but it’s definitely not as good as having all the equipment of a real gym."
"The quickest way I improved my pullups was by doing sets of an easy amount of reps multiple times a day. Every time I went to the bathroom I would do a set of 2… I drink a lot of water so I averaged about 30 pullups throughout the day.

Then at the gym I would do working sets of 10x3.

I got really strong and I’m going to start doing that again cos I can no longer do sets of 10 since lockdown just ended lol"
My stanky gas has transformed into a brutal poo. Wish me luck boys.
I wasn't sure how many were aware so I felt being honest was the only choice.
"&gt;I hope you don't get injured for reals. 

Me too. I only need to hang in there for 5 weeks though. Then my buddy is probably flying over and we're gonna go on a nice long trip."
Bro if you want normal people to think youre big just build ur shoulders a bit and get lean enough to show some tiny striations
"I like Mike's proportions much better, but I'm a shorter guy like him as well."
"I do, too.  The only reason I hate that they were related was because there was no background to palps having a granddaughter.  I guess the more dedicated fans would've been able to deduce how and why, but still, it was like a ""quick, pull something out your ass for this story to work!"" It didn't feel right.  They honestly could've done with that, or even could've done with relating her to anybody in the story.

Again, I just hate how a Palpatine won the entire game, no matter how light side or dark side she is."
Regaining lost muscle is easier in terms of stimulus/time required but still takes the same amount of energy.
The craziest thing is he only did cardio and didn’t touch a weight until 97.
Man Castlevania is fucking great
"It’s finally sunny and 60 degrees here in Boise, Idaho. I was in dire need of these happy sun chemicals. Time to fuckin squaaat"
Mirin his confidence.
Never say never lol
"Am enjoy with me? i am on same time, has engage on ur hart, and of aschident tach."
"I personally always had issues with low cost whey. Since I switched to a more expensive brand (a local one in Spain) I've had no problems, digestions are a breeze, and may or may not be related, but with the low cost ones my urea was elevated, since I changed it's always in range."
You make me really want to get on my shit with filming consistently and learning more editing. What do you use?
"Upper Body Monday, Lower Body Wednesday, then repeat after your second hockey session"
Yeah 100% man... in general being able to control emotions is a vital part of not being a dick and though im snappier on prep i still wouldn’t have a go at someone unless what they’re doing is directly effecting me (sitting on a machine on the phone for 10 minutes for example and even then I’d just ask them to move  politely
"Olive oil, peanut butter, no lean meats"
"You're nitpicking. You said treason, which usually means death/life in prison... I said no, that's not the case.  Him skipping duty to go to a bodybuilding show isn't the end of the world.  If you skip duty you're kinda fucked, but not the biggest risk anyone has ever taken."
People like to take Tren and LARP like they’re going to be some fucking American Psycho weirdo
Hahaha I would’ve worn them if I could but I was a greaseball 😂
Fresh breath is for cookie cutters
It’s bad mate
April fools day is over…
"As a mod of r/strongman, I'll agree that the strongman fans outnumber the competitors but we welcome both. The weekly discussion thread tends to lean more towards competitors while the social media one more towards fans."
Bitches.
"Athlean X's whole shtick seems to be scaring newbies into thinking that almost everything they're doing is absolutely wrong and destructive.

He's the fitness version of ""Could this common household product be giving you cancer? Find out tonight at 9 on channel 5."""
"Dude for 16 you look great, but these aren’t the best pics of your complete physique. Judging off them though, it looks like your legs are really lagging. Lats look to not be there either. Keep doing what you’re doing though, you’re well on your way."
"He has had serious health issues within the past couple years but didn't tone down the steroid use. Very sad, as many people (myself included) have seen this coming for about a year or two now. Extreamly dissapointing because he was one of the most kind and actually genuine people in the online fitness and bodybuilding community, as well as the bodybuilding community in general."
I have a similar knot in the same area. Pain felt. You have my sympathy.
"Hey you know what man, good for him."
How wonderful.
I agree
"&gt;  possibly some hand holding

Oh, I didn't know you're a degenerate. Not sure if we can be friends anymore."
My coworker is a 9/10 hbb how do I stop myself from jacking my beanstalk every videocall?
Sounds like you've been watching too much porn bro.
Oh shit i had no clue. Last i checked was well before that.
Franklin couldn’t win the Dallas show. Stop
Ahh you poor fucker. What's done is done - make sure you focus on your recovery for it otherwise it'll nag you your whole life. Physio etc. Good luck.
Looks good. But eat more. Plateuing is absolutely unheard of if you're on 531
Will do! Thank you!
for fucks sake breon should just stop cbum really just dominates and improved drastically over last year
His arms are nuts! Zero waste line. and soooooo symetrical! WOW very impressive
"Yeah no lmao. Just because you have the sensation of a muscle being worked doesn’t mean anything is actually happening. A perfect example is people using the hip abduction machine thinking they are training glutes when actually it’s the priformis doing all the work. Bands for glutes has been disproven multiple times. Not by instagram gurus but by basic science. 

https://www.instagram.com/p/CJgl36PDqZK/?igshid=bah9qogkg01x

This was not meant to be a personal attack on anyone just want to make sure misinformation is not being spread in this community. And if you’re worried about things being taken as gospel that’s exactly how the myth of bands for glutes has spread in the bodybuilding community."
Bloke on the right looks like he’s waiting for that creamy facial 😂
"Makes sense, thanks for the response. Idk why people downvoted my original comment. I’m not against PED use at all especially if it’s in a case like this where a potential career is on the line. Seems like you understand what you are doing and are keeping it as safe as one can."
Hahaha big thick eyebrows don't help at all but I try my best :)
"Point your calves out like you’re trying to stand tip toe. Non conventional tip that helped me- learn how to pose... I had a much easier time developing a Mmc with delts, back, flutes etc after taking couple posing lessons and practicing them."
Alright good to know. Ill have to look for creatine at the store and start doing that. Thanks for the tip!
Latter. Sucks I didn’t have common sense until now because I’m currently finishing up this push day. At least I experimented with some new exercises today. Tried some new shit today because my chest is never sore during/after push day. It’s whateva
"No shade for your gal intended at all, she is magnificent! I just have my own prefs, y’know?"
"Agree, you look great in both and the progress is obvious. The midsection thing is probably due to posing and lighting."
No seriously I don't keep track of bodybuilders I just think the muscles look cool. Who is who? The one on the right has a more classic aesthetic imo. A better fat ratio. Nicer shoulders.
I just want some attention from a woman man why am I so weird
"Yeah. Think of what those PEDs do to cardiac tissues, not to mention the cardiovascular disease"
Literally no way to tell here. Full body shirtless pic needed.
Lol this was amazing thank you
Damnnnnnnn....that’s a nice pc nzxt case.
Sadly he has two young sons.
I fucking love bananas
"Seriously.  It's a problem with pretty much all nutrition.  ""good source of ______"" and ""High in _____"" are all that people read and they don't understand what a gram of something is."
Bro go back to posting your dick shots pussy fuckboy. Nobody cares you shite knighting a guy claiming he got 6th place at his first show when he got 15th faggot.
Highly recommend ecommend the Air and Soace Museum if you're into that sort of thing.
"Happy to see Iain overtook Steve, definitely think he looked better (best Iain to date)."
Adorable pup!
TREADMILL GOOD FOR CARDIO? Y/N??
Lol is that you?
Oh sweet! Keep us updated my man!
"Have had no appetite, can't get a pump in the gym, I barely even sweat.

Been Inna brain fog and all that jazz.

Don't turn 30, peeps."
Crazy abs bro
Bet you look like shit
"Thanks, that's what I'm talking about. appreciate the advice."
"MMC might be a positive by-product of the technique, but this style of training is predominately used to increase time under tension for the muscle.

Increased work time = a greater hypertrophy response.

Logic would say atleast"
"People that barely lose strength on a cut. How do you do it?

It’s literally day 1 and I feel significantly weaker and my work capacity is shit."
where the hell is belly button wtf
I love his smile
Hes cutting still.
Lol abs look wayyy better on Nick between the two pics soooo...
"I easily pee 10 times a day. I do drink at least 4-5 liters of liquids a day though with a shit ton of diet soda included. I was paranoid about diabetes and kidney problems too, especially since I was a fat fuck (around 330 lbs at my highest) since I was like 6 up until my early/mid twenties. I just turned 30 last week, so I decided it's time to bite the bullet and face the damage I have done, so talked to my doctor. I just got my lab results (the usual lab work, endocrin profile, pee sample, lung x-ray, everything) on friday. Well, everything is great, my doc says he couldn't poke holes in it even if he wanted to. Time to hop on gear I guess lmao."
"Good balance all around. Other than getting bigger in a general sense, only things I think you could add some size to is your chest and traps. Lats looking really good my guy"
"Pretty expensive for the amount you get. 4,5kg is 95$

Guess I'll get it anyways if no one gives me other suggestions."
Thanks for the info! Definitely looks like it is working for you.
Love it!
"Don’t aim for a particular number because it’s likely you underestimate just how much body fat you have. Aim for level of conditioning, and keep cutting until you reach that point"
Yes.
Bruh you look like thirty? Are you really 21??
"I'll keep this in mind, thank you!  


Btw, I still don't understand why I got multiple thumbs down on my OP here...it's a perfectly legitimate topic, so I'm perplexed as to why people would feel put off by it at all, let alone enough to downvote it."
"Why give the guy a hard time about it though? Even if it’s a laughable amount to you or most people, you don’t know this persons situation. If they’re looking for help, the last thing i’d do is give them shit for it."
God damnit. Only gained .2 pounds eating intuitively yesterday.
Yeah sounds similar to my situation. How are you lateral delta looking? Has this been a hindrance? I’m specifically lacking growth on lateral head.
just ketchup. no sauce
"Bob Paris and I used to fuck, asshole."
Ohh this iteration is good
"👌 will implement, thanks. Any suggestion for rep ranges or anything?"
"The full answer would be ridiculously long and complex, but the simplified version: I did blood work for every thing I could that, if out of range; can be nephrotoxic (thyroid, estrogen, testosterone, cholesterol, etc.) and if anything was in a range that would be considered hard on the kidneys I worked on correcting it and retested to confirm. The diet of course as you noted was also big. Also astragalus root supplement is a god send. Grape seed extract, citrus bergamot, superbio curcumin. You want to have good blood sugars and blood pressure as those things can both cause kidney damage, too. Essentially I made sure everything in my body is ‘pro’ kidney and functioning in a manner to help my kidneys. I then targeted the kidneys themselves with the supplements noted and a few other things. These are things a normal healthy person wouldn’t really need to do but in a situation like my own it has made all the difference. I methodically made changes and tested before, during, and after via blood work and test strips - until I honed in on the best system for me."
Gain train?
"One of my better buys, yeah.  $400 pre covid.  It's not a super nice (or heavy stack) one as far as freemotion goes as it was specifically made for home and sold at Costco for like $2k back in the day.

  But it's a little more compact and build quality is still excellent."
"Get your body fat low enough and you'll see them, no one can tell u when you'll see them"
If you are playing college basketball... You're doing workouts as a team. Most of which require lifting.
Thank you!
"Massive and symmetrical. Good luck man, you've earned it!"
Excellent abdomenals. It's amazing what's achievable.
"Okay serious question, what is the ideal weight to rep/set range to acquire this type of physic !? Is it heavy more sets low rep, or light more reps nor set !? If your 150lbs but strong and gain muscle easily. Also how do you get bigger quads."
"Quads and Hams are like equal, flex wins on calves, even with Lees very solid calves. At least imo"
This is why most people should avoid deadlifts or use trap bar deadlifts like me
"I disagree as I think most do with you, just say you like a freakish physique over aesthetic one, I think most yearn to have the classic physique like this get the recognition they deserve. It's called bodybuilding,  that includes making the body extremely conditioned, nobody was more conditioned than Rhoden in 2018. Just my opinion."
Shaq could be one hell of a powerlifter.
What!!?! That's some crazy shit right there
"ok we're stuck in here for a year and the gravity is increasing per month, either you become superhuman or you're dead kids!"
How long have you been bulking? Nice!
"Tri’s are literally insane. Agree with other comments though that delts need to be balanced out with them, but I gotta say that’s the most insane difference I’ve ever seen in pure size and poke on tri’s, they get their own trophy. And area code."
"His arms are far, far from awesome and I personally disagree. Bad arm insertions completely ruin a physique's aeshetics for me. Big full arms or death."
Yeah
Ibuprofen worked by inhibiting prostaglandins. Prostaglandins are a key factor in inflammation and pain but are also a signaling molecule for the stomachs mucosa membrane to produce mucus. So that’s way ibuprofen when used too much can cause stomach issues. It also even says on the bottle “may increase risk of heart attack or stroke”.
"I mean, in all honesty it'd be very stupid to not worry about your health when putting it at extra risk by using exogenous hormones. Me and my coach keep everything in check as I'm definitely in this for the long run"
"Damn that makes me feel kinda nasty lol, probably can’t taste it much tho tbf."
Or a fork lol
"Right on
 My doctor's a cunt and won't order the tests so I did bloodwork and will be self administering my own illegal trt. Way cheaper this way too but I understand the law concern."
Cardio is useful. Went to Six Flags over GA today and I'm fine whereas the other 2 in my party are dying.
Sorry im missed the part where the background was relevant
"&gt; Blessed be the cake genes, but in return I may never have symmetrical abs

That hits too close to home."
"Honestly, I'm trying to hold myself more accountable on my rests and keeping most to 1:30 - 2 minutes"
Awesome arms
"Been there done that haha. It's a good idea tho, placebo plays a role the ""addiction"" so using a non stim pre helps a bit."
This is fun : )
I just need that max PUMP. Thank you
back is crazy 🔥
"Yep, it becomes like talking to anyone else. Makes them feel much more comfortable too so that's a win win haha."
Damn I posted about kpop in here like a year ago and got roasted to hell smh. Glad the sun has changed!
I actually really like George's physique
Flex Lewis is one of my favorite guys. Hunter Labrada is going to earn himself a spot on that list soon enough.
"We've got another wellness tracker thing that gives us points to buy fitbits, gift cards, whatever but I suck at logging the points. That's how I'd go about buying those though.

That's fucking sick you got all that stuff"
"&lt;3 Luckily you're past that point now. In a few years it'll all be worth it. Those teeth will be looking fine (and hopefully if there's any other reason you have braces, those will be resolved as well)."
"Vastus lateralis, no such thing as persia muscle"
Favorite breakfast
"Hi 
I want to ask a question its actually a riddle
It was hard to find the answer for me at first.
Try to answer it.

What is the thing that you find twice a week and once in a year."
Nailing it on this sub. I swear we all know how to read.
Sexy and flawless posing style.
The best lighting he ever posed under as well. Glowing. Need to see it like that today.
Surgeons are amazing today
"He’s scamming you bro , it’s a win win for him"
"Went to my nephews birthday party this weekend and one of his little friends had it out for me for some reason. He came
Up to me out of nowhere and said “hey, you’re a tractor!” And my nephew and all his other friends heard and got in on it “tractor tractor uncle 11lbsoftacobell is a tractor!”.  

It makes no sense and I have no idea what he was talking about but also…. He feels right? Like, I don’t know what it is supposed to mean but yes I am a tractor"
"Is it best do you reckon to look at these cardio sessions as habit rather than having goals to improve my cardio. Cause lowkey in the cardio sessions I wanna be able to have like a little program of working on my cardio, like improving my time."
"Unfortunately, I think you're right. It's really starting to look that way.

I eat 4-5 times a day and I've lost a couple of pounds last month. I'm doubling my carbs now, I hope that'll slow it down lol"
Thanks man :)
"It's a PDE5 inhibitor, not necessarily a general vasodilator. Hence Dave fucking Palumbo's remarks and my question.

And fuck off with your downvotes, loser."
"Alright but where too get flavoring?

I don't got any issues with sourness is just that the taste like dumpster kinda so its really disgusting and has made me puke a few times"
Started working on his poses nice and early.
"Yeah I’d like to see that too. I either make overnight oats or make my own granola but yours looked pretty good. Keen to see a video/recipe. 

Great work and dedication overall. Keep it up."
I love this
How often do you set off the lunk alarm?
I use gear solely for the heart hypertrophy gains
Traffic definitely there already so I go in the off hours and I avoided the first week of opening cause people are ridiculous lol
Ratatouille with steak is bomb 😋
"I gotta cut soon, guess I'm stocking up on adderall and bronkaid again, can't resist food urges for shit"
Nice Mitch Hedberg ripoff.
"Yeah I buy stuff I care about, but it's not 1999: I don't have to rent anything."
"Thank you, and this is my natural hair but bedhead, so just controlled and sleek curls. Other styles especially straight just get frizzy and terrible"
"That is definitely NOT okay homie. It seems like you guys have developed a level of trust where you are comfortable letting each other see the other person's phone. However, she showed a lack of trustworthiness when she shared your personal information to her friends and even went as far as to joke about it.

Definitely confront her about it in a respectful way and stay strong! You got this!"
"Dude, you're drunk.  Posting multiple top level comments that are related but not together, implying that OP is either on steroids or needs steroids.... Get it together, man."
Good god that’s low. I wonder if he has trouble standing up lol 🤪
"&gt;nobody cares if you bench 500 lbs and look like shit

-rich piana"
Honestly got the opposite issue. I feel like it’s a classic grass is always greener on the other side
You look great in both! Congrats!
"Newbie here, Trying to cut down to see my abs for the first time in forever. Currently doing 1800 a day. But is that not enough?

&amp;#x200B;

Im 37, 5'11 and 184 pounds. I exercise 4-5 days a week for about 1 hour. Nothing special just short fast full body workout. I eat 95% clean. Mostly eggs/oats/spinach/etc.

&amp;#x200B;

Been doing this for 5 months so far. My start weight was 200 pounds 5 months ago. Again, its 184 now. But if I sweat it out in the steam room at my gym I get down to 179 usually. 

&amp;#x200B;

Any advice on how long till I can start to see my abs? Is 1800 calories a day too much? Should it be lower with my given stats?"
Yea but that means free pizzas apparently
You're still beautiful bb
good 5 or 6 day split that isn’t PPL?
"/u/upstairs_good wtf dude here he is pulling the /r/steroids 'read the wiki' card again. I think you're right, he must've hopped on test while we had our backs turned, look at him go!"
"Good morning god damn it

Today is going to be a GREAT DAY.

What’s everyone hitting today?"
Since when do people care about 185? 225 is the first benchmark to pass tbh
"Looking sick man sick proportions for physique!! I can’t tell if it’s just the angle of the pictures or your pose positioning but one shoulder seems slightly more elevated than the other and it appears to be a slight dissymmetry in your top chain it could just be due to a tight muscle maybe just get a deep tissue or go see a phyiso just to go over details, I had to do that for my prep and it was a life saver!"
"I finally found a good gym partner. New guy at work who was already doing bodybuilding workouts, but didn't do anything but calisthenics for a year due to covid. He Is pretty strong too. I'm excited to finally have someone that can help push me while actually putting good effort."
"I’m in the same position (30lb dumbbells and a bench) and I find chest to be one of the easiest things to train. I do 4-5 sets of both pushups and flys, 20-30 reps per set before doing any type of press, flat or incline. Basically save the db bench till I’m hitting failure between 10-20 reps."
Honestly in terms of straight up influence he may be an all time great. Just below Arnold
"Just FYI, I’m 5’9 (same height as Newman). I weigh about 155 and have just started at the gym. Just want to get this lean and muscled look. And I’m fully aware that I’ll never look like Paul Newman 😂. Any advice appreciated 👍🏻"
"Thanks! And correct, way too small for anything else haha"
Looks like you lost your shirt
"Haha, not necessarily. I just like the look of one unbroken slab of muscle."
"Yeah man, cereal and juice is the staple. A lot of burgers, good 3-4 times a week and Mexican food if I’m feeling a little spicy ;) 750 test, 1200 tren, and 100 adrol ed is the current cycle at the moment with little to no sides at all, and thanks brother ;) I have a lot more size/vascularity to come so this is only just the beginning"
"When they cut back to them towards the end she was on her phone. Not paying attention. It's one thing for people to have weird takes or gripe about one certain thing, but to not even pay attention. Come on."
Curious about your workout routine and diet
Polygraphs are absolute bullshit tests and have been proven time and time again to be about as accurate as guessing
"I'm sorry, what? You hear of people sticking to a range that's upwards of 1.2 GRAMS of EQ?"
Exactly 💪🏼 thanks
"Forget the physique, look at that fucking smile"
Weak delts.
Some covid rules in Spain make absolutely no sense haha
yeah ur not getting anything out of drinking fcking soda...if anything try gatorade for some quick sugar and carbs
Looks like a cot daym silverback. This man could go very far!
ok. thank you!
"I like the Jung route for dreams. If you have a therapist it helps to have them do it but it is possible to run through it on your own.

Accept the dream as true. That is, your non-conscious mind has an opinion, and it’s trying to plainly tel your conscious mind about it. It’s your (and ideally your therapist as well) job to fill in the blanks until an explanation is found which as your conscious mind’s complete voluntary assent. That “click” moment is when you’ve figure out the dream for all practical purposes.

Again stressing this has a much higher probability of working with a therapist."
Probably his idiot wife
Not at 5 plates when you struggling with 4 plates.
"Kroc rows are my new favorite exercise. It’s so easy to get intensity on it, and I always get an absolutely disgusting pump."
"Nah fuck it man, I say let him take some clen and learn first hand just what that hit does to you.

Tomorrow he'll comeback: *guys i cant stop shaking and sweating what's happening to me SOMEBODY PLEASE KILL ME*"
For sure man! Thank you
Who cares? Why should you have to wear a mask in a gym anyways. So stupid
Lmao on my home page it had a post of the Statue of Liberty in 1886 literally right above this.
Yeah sometimes I question myself why I put myself through it haha
"Oh I was (very) pissed off, haha. Just a funky day in general. Saw ya too, but I also didn't want to impose either!"
Thanks!
"Hit a sick morning hike today 3,000 elevation gain 7 mile round trip. Forgive me knees for the hurt I put you through and calves grow plz"
Tryna record my first fitness YouTube video. I’m so awkward behind the camera it hurts lmao
This it taste soo much better no way im ever gonna make rice without washing it
Mans got striations on the ass cheeks 😂
"Sadik, when your competition is crap and you haven't done anything of note since 2016 you're a ""has-been"" in my book. Prove me wrong."
"I agree. I can’t imagine possibly sustaining a larger deficit for the entirety of a cut, then again I’ve never tried but I’d imagine it would fuck with not only my mental state but effort in the gym over the long term."
"&gt; Also should I be worried about clotting in my legs?

no just up the tren"
"""A few seconds of Panic"" was a really great read that really helped a younger me see the difference between a fit person and a professional athlete.

The author is a sports writer, Stefan Faris, who was fascinated with George Plimpton, a sports writer from the 50s and 60s. Plimpton was known for his ""participatory journalism"", he played a few exhibition games in the MLB, played a few games as a backup QB for the Lions and the Colts, backup goalie for the Bruins, played a few rounds on the PGA tour.

Stefan wanted to recreate this style of journalism, and the only thing he figured his 40something year old body could handle was trying to become an NFL calibre place kicker. Anyways, it was a pretty cool book, especially if you're in to the NFL.

&gt;A Few Seconds of Panic is a nonfiction first-person narrative by Stefan Fatsis, published in 2008. The book chronicles Fatsis, a professional 43-year-old sportswriter working for The Wall Street Journal, and his attempt to play in the National Football League. Along the way, he relates the personal stories and struggles that professional football players face in the league. After some setbacks, Fatsis eventually finds some success as a backup placekicker for the Denver Broncos.The book's title comes from Jason Elam's description of being a kicker as ""hours and hours of boredom surrounded by a few seconds of panic."""
"I've done it like six times so far with Clint Eastwood and JK Simmons, gonna try out Tom Hanks next"
"Lol nah 

He was big but also looked like he ran some thicc test + deca and high dose dbol cycle lol

Just fully bloated like balloon , not even sure why he took so many pics, didn’t even look any good"
You look like the dad in American Pie
looks great. good luck!
You’d have to take in like a bag or two of creatine to offset what they remove.
Perfect ribcage shape for a stomach vacuum
Congrats 🎉
What I love about this is he knows damn well he came in 100%
"Hard to tell, you wont ever have two workouts under exactly the same conditions (food, sleep, stress etc) so dont think about progressing every workout but rather over a time period across many workout sessions. :)"
Good luck on the job and MBA! 35 isn’t so bad!
"I read ""Fantastic penetration"""
My respect
"It really is lol, yet people upvote that shit."
awww you're welcome! So glad to hear he's able to wreak more havoc on Reddit lol
Thank you!
"So ideally you want to be hitting each muscle group about twice per week, so if I was working out 2 days a week I'd personally do full body every time. 

That said, if you enjoy your current split and it keeps you going back to the (home)gym then that's great! Consistency is the most important thing, so no point doing full body twice a week work outs if you hate it and end up quitting after a month."
promotion of some bullshit program im sure.
Both look like rotisserie chickens that where put out a 6am and left unsold until midnight. Chicken skin dehydrated to the wooden flesh. 🍗
Are squats alone enough for legs?
Then that’s your fault for having a problem with people living their own lives rather than there being a problem with Ramy having multiple wives
Man I hate (not really) seeing kids 10 years younger than me in killer shape haha
"&gt; 225 lbs with 30” waist is the ideal size for you at 5’9

Where did you come up with this? Not that I’m arguing it lol"
"It’s all good, I appreciate whatever support I get.

Lats are/will be my primary point of focus"
"Nah man, I'm a student so not much money to spare. I have considered starting running though! Just dragging my ass out the door on a cold rainy morning is the hard part"
"Trt seems like ALWYS the best way to go,

I've heard worst shit about deca now it's dbol I think they all bad"
"As a natural he is much larger than most competitors in the small niche category of natural classic physique.

Ive never met anyone in the regular classic physique ( or any other division ) division that was natural.

Op was your intent to compete in a natural federation? If so you are already on the upper tier. They are a very small bunch in general

If you meant you just wanted to compete in classic, I think you have an awesome structure as long as you are about to jump on gear. After a couple years youd be pretty fuckin big.

Whats your weight right now?"
"Saw it twice in the theater, that movie was great"
Very impressive
"Based on mostly that, yes. But also a whole bevy of information you’re not privy to."
i might need to try that i enjoy eating eggs although i’m more of an egg white guy but still sounds super good!
Respect 💪🏽💙
Living my dream.
"do both, win both ?"
I started to cut 10 days ago and 3 days ago during some dumbbell bench press i got some minor rotator cuff pain (enough to keep me from lifting). Its getting better but i dont want to rush back into the gym and reinjure it/stop the healing process. What should i do to  keep losing dat but still keeping muscle? Could lifting at a lower weight be enough to keep muscle and prevent me from losing all my hard earned gains ?
"I hit it by accident after spending ten weeks focusing primarily on heavy overhead pressing and benching maybe once per week. Once I could fairly comfortably press more than my bodyweight (I was about 190 at the time, and could press 195) I got the bench pretty easily. Rep scheme for pressing was usually 10x3 with 5RM. Did lots of weighted dips as well."
Pretty sure he’s posted twice lol if you don’t wanna see his face every day change your damn screensaver
Most playstation exclusives are solid. One of the recent spider Man games is really good
"Okay buddy, only took me 10 seconds to google and find out a coffee bean isn’t entirely caffeine.

My entire argument is that pre workout pound for pound has more caffeine which it may or may not depending on the pre workout, that’s literally it, it’s not that deep, I don’t need to know your employment history."
"Honestly, our courses were so basic i didn't even study for it. But for that level id suggest YouTube. Renaissance periodizarion has some good vids. And then dive into the studies i assume they post in the description."
that's some petty shit....
"I'd run a smaller deficit than you have been and bring protein up to between 1.5 and 2grams/kg of bodyweight (between 142 and 190grams based on 210lbs). Higher protein intake helps maintain more muscle mass while losing fat and combined with your weight training you should be able to make progress while in a slight deficit. Too much of a deficit will hurt your progress though. Remember, it's not about eating less but eating the proper amount for your goals. Metabolism does increase as lean mass increases and decreases with an increase in body fat, so building muscle will help get you closer to the look you want. That's what I'd put the focus on now if I were in your place. Great job so far man"
"Man, he sure set the benchmark."
"Hahaha yeah, I'm a premature baby on roids mate!"
"Yeah, no shit. Take your downvotes and shame in stride."
Jesus you’re retarded
What platform do you use? Maybe I can share my playlist
Its funny you say that. I actually work at a university hospital and we are rolling out vaccines like crazy. Ill admit they're doing an excellent job at distributing it to the community imo
"The flaming hot veggie straws are so good, and only 17c for 38 straws."
"Curious, doesn't steroids affect mood? Not trying to lay the blame on them or anything. Hope you feel better."
"Nice, rack and Olympic weights or what?"
"Yeah I like 5/3/1’s approach to the main lifts (I stalled out on LP on Bench and OHP) but it seems pretty iffy with everything else.  Still though, any tips on lats?"
This just sounds like stretching with extra steps
Anybody else think Bumstead looks like the dad from This Is Us more and more or is that just me
"I'm sure Jiu Jitsu is the same but for bouldering the main attribute you want to spec into is technique which comes from earning experience points from the activity. 

This is assuming you have decent athletic baseline stats such as strength and flexibility.

A high level of back strength can temporarily buff your stats enough to achieve send points outside of your ability during the early missions but only for a short period of time as a low technique level will drain your stamina bar. This buff loses some significance as your rank increases."
I feel like one needs a certain amount of self love in order to feel that one deserves the time and effort of self-improvement; the two go hand in hand for me.
"Getting stronger but not getting bigger.

Alright alright alright. 

35 can’t some soon enough. I’ma trt so hard and impress all the ladies at the nursing home"
ah yep think you're right.  actually feel like it adds to the taper's aesthetic a bit imo
"But like you said this sub is filled with people like me so apparently it not just my post that you hate, so you would either have to change you opinion on this sub or leave it."
I come back to Rocky Road pretty often
I look like you natural and im taler lol
Everything but this sub is just politics lol
you use to be fat ass fuck right ?
Real big d energy
"(read in Oliver twist voice) I'm sorry papa, I will not do so again."
No wonder dicks look so big in porns
Keep gaining.
"wow what a change, congrats bro and keep  up the good work"
"you don’t need to have good genetics to start lifting. everyone starts somewhere. the focus shouldn’t be if i have good genetics, it should be how much can i maximize my genetic potential. with that mindset, you’ll minimize comparing yourself to other individuals and the only competition would be yourself. go for it man"
Oh no.  I just read this with a slight tear in my eye.  That is quite unfortunate.
Future Champion 😎💪🏻
"What a beast ! 
Good luck"
I heard rich piana broke used these as candy
Yeah I like being able to adjust resistance with the little blue know. (Used a peloton solo stages bike)
Leave me alone it's off season I can bulk as much as I want
Ok I added some extra carbs to my dinner and feel so much better. Weird.
I came out after a 115lbs weight loss and i was already tracking my calories and macros (was not working out during and after) and I didn’t want to just do all of that to just maintain my weight loss so i said im gonna go get abs and thats it . Theeeen somewhere after that i wanted to get hugge (still under construction)
Yeah Gent and Brugge are really really nice. Glad to hear you enjoyed it!
I fucking love supersets
I wish Rich was here to make a video on his take of the current stock Market situation. RIP
5k calories? Are you sure you need 5k calories?
Bro you ate an ice cream? Sorry bro you're not gonna make it brah
"jokes on you. I'm short, bald and have boobs because of obesity"
i have dreams about Costco. Wish it was in my country.
"Yes, write it down: protein"
This is actually good advice.
Nah bro
But girls can be in their bikinis? Unfair.
Appreciate it! Just recently started hammering on calves due to running meadows programs so they should see some improvement in the time to come :)
this place is useless because you're just not intelligent
Anyone else ever hit leg day so hard you get a rash and thick yellow discharge from your penis?
Iris Kyle winning 10 Olympias is unreal. Not sure if that will ever be matched or beaten.
"Moby Dick because I feel like it speaks about literally every topic one could think of and ifs beautifully written and incredibly dense

Crime and Punishment because I honestly just really love the story and philosophy behind it and the ending especially boosts it imo

Blood Meridian because its incredibly violent and beautifully written with some cool philosophy in it

and might as well say Lord of the Rings/ The Hobbit because those were some of the most pure fun ive had reading"
Your body is perfect as it is sweetheart I still love you 💘
"Hahaha thanks a ton man. Yes, I'm doing it natty 💪🏾"
"Bro just buy a chicken, problem solved"
John Meadows Task master - back focus block
Started taking melatonin to help sleep and every night so far has been a worse sleep lol.
"It's a 500k gym lmao, one of the most nuts gyms I've seen and his safeties are worse than the ones in my local"
Time to work with Mars and Jupiter 💪🏼 good luck man
"With clothes on at least that will look good yeah.

And it's mostly due to not having done proper isolation work in my first years of training, my chest and back are way ahead. Been slowly putting on some size on the tris but still have to progress quite a bit tbh. Thanks tho!"
"Look up Ryan Humiston on Youtube. Funny as all hell, but also has a bunch of videos on ""whatever you have at the house"" type workouts. He's also big on lighter weight while making the sets more difficult to promote growth."
Fuck that is insane!! You look incredible man
was it gyno man! it looks like gyno or was it just fat ? curious to know
Good job
"Damn.. you have to cut a lot of fat in only 10 weeks, that's going to be brutal if you come in lean, good luck. Look great regardless though, big af"
He still beats Iain in that department haha
Lol. How is he not lean enough 😵‍💫😵‍💫😵‍💫
"Lmao the end of that line ended at the comma for me, so when I went to the next line, I had the same reaction as you."
"Lmao love how hes treating himself as some sort of sage everyone should learn from. Of course he fucking did starting strength, ffs when are people gonna realize its a meme program. Saw him tell someone to aim for gaining 5 pounds a month, wut????"
"Beautiful outline. His legs are so well developed from the front, inner and outer sweep with nice cuts and teardrop when shredded. I’d love to see him grow them from the back and get drier. He has all the time and potential in the world though, should be a champ in the next few years"
"When he says he doesn’t look like he’s on steroids obviously he means that his physique is attainable naturally. No shit anyone can run them and look like a twig, thank you for that genius take."
"Oh man, this read was a real treat. It’s a been a couple decades since I’ve thought about Steve or his methods. Part of me now wonders how much of his dedication was really just addiction or mental illness in disguise. 

The video in this article also shows Steve Weinberg meeting Bev Frances for the first time, they ended up getting married and have been enduring figures in the sport ever since."
I was hopeful it was my dawg because I was like that sounds like Lou gherings disease and extreme degenerative muscle disorder. I didn’t care if that 211 was real or not I just wanted to know if it was even possible to lose 60 pounds of muscle
It looks like a neat app. I will be trying it further.
how low do you go?
"Thank you. How was the video, i am new here."
"&gt;  do swimming for cardio

good luck trying to grow that shit burns all your cals for the day"
"Making her do cardio, you sick fuck."
Thank u! 💯
Haha thanks brother!
The fuck is a hip dip
Lol you can’t be fuckin serious rn
"just wanted to share my joocy pump yesterday from this subs favorite chest exercise, the barbell bench press

https://imgur.com/a/GY4uzRR"
lmao i love the beach. being shirtless in the sun is great
Man being back in the gym is destroying my hips
nice!
"My response is to sarcastically say, 'Oh boy, time to consume 800 cals a day of only protein powder + vitamins and build some solid muscle while getting shredded at the same time then!'"
God bless thots.
Coach happy again? Not lagging anymore?
"I've always wanted to join a boxing gym, not to spar or become a boxer, it just seems like a really fun way to do cardio. Also I feel like my glasses may hold me back a little."
Assuming you went to failure and maximized the sets you performed to their fullest… no need to hit them again a few hours later.
Damn I can’t imagine how many chairs he’s accidentally broken with those legs of steel
Keep us posted. I love seeing the progress
Keep trolling jackass. There is more achievable naturally than you think. Idiots like you will accuse anyone who looks good that they are not. Accept you are mediocre.
"Stache? Better go for the full beard and hide the second chin like the other boys are doing.   
Double chins should not be a thing... when you have visible washboard abs."
"Make sure to have some pics to see how far you go in a few months.

Had to look for it, recently found a pic from when I was with my (slightly abusive) ex a few years ago, [looked quite shit](https://imgur.com/a/aPbYubM), and think I lost even more muscle than there lol"
"Go to a bar alone

If you want to improve socially, go to the bar alone

Talk to the bartender, talk to other people there

Take control of your situation"
"This is fake feminism. Fat acceptance/HAES/whatever is NOT feminism. Feminism is the women here who want to lift weights and not be called manly for having some muscle, not be told they’re growing a clit dick on every post they make, and not being asked to conform to gender stereotypes in order to be treated as equals. Demanding to be found attractive is not something necessary for equality."
"Just curious, how does donating blood affect gains?"
"Honest feedback, you have enough time to hit the level of conditioning well, but a) you will lose more muscle due to the suicide cut required at this point and b) it will be tougher to maintain peak physique before your body forces you to start holding water.

Also think you could use a better posing coach.  You aren't stiff, but you're a big guy and this posing isn't showing off your best attributes.

You will find out on your next show it is a lot easier and better for your physique to be closer to stage weight at 6 weeks out than where you currently are.  You definitely don't want to force your body to lose enough body fat that your conditioning is great and then the next week ask it to go to an extreme level of dehydration.  A lot better to get 90% close to stage weight a month out and then dial in the last 10% at two weeks out."
"Reject aesthetics, embrace bear"
"lmao my body is just fine, i just think it's pathetic when grown men play show-and-tell"
"allow me to teach you my favorite acronym while working in IT:

P.E.B.K.A.C.

Problem Exist Between Keyboard And Chair"
"It’s great to see tall lifters out there! If you wouldn’t mind sharing, how long have you been training?"
"Well, what are you waiting for???"
"Nah, definitely the opposite. Bench and upper body work builds and loses strength the quickest when my weight changes. Squat more or less stays the same, it is more dependent on keeping my hips and adductors healthy. Deadlift is similar but definitely loses the least when I diet down."
"I take a deload when I feel like it.

I'll usually just compensate by doing lighter weight next week and heavier the other seems to balance itself out."
"Lol, see you in 10 years when you wish you would’ve followed the advice here. There’s nothing worse than being in your 20’s and trying to clean up a stupid mess you made when you were a teenager."
Don’t count warmup. Also they are just recommendations. Everyone’s different. Listen to your body.
He won his pro card at 2014 when he was 21 years old which makes him 28 now.
Did this guy get sick from COVID?
Deadset seems like a good bloke
"It’s not the same :( I miss the days of things like yaboidave, just watched the Misc Lyfe song this morning hahaha"
"I’d like to compete in a natural bodybuilding organization eventually and obviously HRT wouldn’t let me but if it comes down to feeling good and competing then I’d choose feeling good hands down. For now though I’ll run it til the trail ends.


Thanks for hyping me up the last couple weeks, if I ever make a trip to Washington I’ll buy you dinner cause its meant a lot and I bet I could find a place with some nice beans too ;)


I’ll try those tips for my next pin, the peptide I’m taking is sub-q everyday so that’s not much of a problem but I’ll definitely try all that with my next IM b12 shot especially since it’s all refrigerated"
"Conditioning has gotten weird nowadays (less so In Classic). Saw a pic of Ramy the other day from 2014 where his legs were very separated and full, far better from the front than they were in 2021. I feel like it’s either a new drug or just over dieting that’s getting guys to look blurry and flat, despite being even leaner than years past."
oh gotcha. Shit I saw you made a post about finding a Warlock pdf online which is exactly the one I found with that same weird sentence about squats that aren't there. I hope that is the only typo lol
What do you recommend doing instead?
My bad dude.
Yep. It’s only 5 days.
crazy physique but still not enough
"Fuck man, too way too much dark energy and had a reign earlier and I feel so shitty. Honestly think it’s best for me to cut out all energy drinks and pre workout again and go back to coffee and tea"
I appreciate your comment buddy!
anyone else not train obliques for no reason? i should probably do some twists or something
Glad to hear that it's going better than you anticipated. Being able to expand your own culinary abilities is always a great thing. Keep killing it in the kitchen and the gym!
Yeah I stopped using this companies products January 6th when they released 1776 gear conveniently after the insurrection attempt when everyone was saying how this is their 1776.  It was always obvious this company leaned far right and I was cool with it but the timing of that gear and what I felt their products going downhill lead me to move on.  The Arnolds is what gave this company mainstream recognition. This isn't a loss for Arnold this is a loss for Redcon.
r/volumeeating has some good recipes
"Yarishna is the perfect female body imo.
If this is what wellness awards points to I expect it to become more popular.

Even if this is the goal though, can other women emulate yarishna?  Even though she works hard she’s definitely a genetic lottery winner."
"I’m pretty sure the Superhero program of his is on Scribd; I just didn’t get it bc I thought it was a pain to make an account, plug in credit card info and then have to remember to cancel it before paying Scribd’s monthly fee lmao. But I’ve done it w/ Nippard. Like I said, I returned it after getting the info down so it’s not really like I lost anything"
"Safe and sound at home again, let the waters roar, Jack"
Probably be mad at us for his leg genetics (at least mad at me.)
"Got injured and have to take time off mid bulk, would you decrease calories or just keep eating away?"
"There are ways to get close to the benefits of a traditional deadlift &amp; back squat that aren’t as hard on backs. For example, I just have a bad back (no particular injury), and I focus on things like Jefferson deadlifts, front squats, and single-leg exercises. I would imagine that a decent physical therapist would be able to get you on a plan that got you close to where you want to go."
"Okay, you know your body clearly and are making the right choices for you."
"chill the fuck out buddy 

I post power lifting posts on my alt account so that I can show my dick off without people like you judging me"
Yea bro zero chance that was fake plates. He was a G. People are justifying their mediocrity making these false claims. Look at that mother fuckers wheels
Merkel looks good now. He put on some size and has now shape. He looks a lot like Labrada in his current form.
"Apart from the disgusting taste. White fish is somewhat ok, like I can eat it but I won't find it very enjoyable. Every other sea meat is just disgusting to me."
Yeah ur pretty fat
Sticky Fingers brand has a good one too
"im the real retard here, its 3 in the morning im reading up for my work and refreshing a /bb where everyone is a scientist /philosopher/philanthropist/Mother Teresa reincarnated . im debating a topic where everyone is shooting above their paygrade."
"All music has been in a serious dry spell in the last year I hate it 

If artists/bands can’t go on tour (where a lot of them make the majority of their money) then they don’t put music out until they can :("
"Enjoy 25! Just wait until 30, lol."
"You’re worried about the wrong things. I don’t mean to disrespect you, but you’re actually skinnier than i was when i started out which i thought was impossible. Why the fuck are you worried about a bit of fat? If you gain 20kg over the next 3-6 months you’ll probably be around 15% body fat with visible abs, and realistically still be skinny as fuck. 

Do you want to be big eventually? If so stop worrying about some fat you might have to lose at some point or you’ll forever be as skinny as you are now.

Again, not trying to hurt your feelings, i’m just telling you the facts."
Dude it was a joke. Relax with this. Jesus Christ.
"Eh, he could be telling the truth, he's not lean by any means either."
Does this got to r/all or how do people like you end up here?
😂 are serious? No more competitors?
Sounds good thank you
Good job bro and always keep it up like this and all the best!!!😊😊😊
"fuck so i guess it's going to take me 5 years haha , i'm laughing but i'm crying,

&amp;#x200B;

you said you were serious about it the last 2 years, that makes me feel i didn't do enough, can you tell me or guide me into a direction of what to do to be more serious? 

Should i get a coach?"
"Yeah I agree. I didn't want to tell him not to go and feel responsible if something did end up happening but I can't think of any serious injury that could happen like that. I went to the ED once for a headache and they didn't scan me, just gave me the migraine cocktail. I felt like such a pussy though. It had been going on for weeks and I was having to call out of work. I went to urgent care,a shot of toradol worked for like 6 hours then my PCP. I forgot what he prescribed but said to go to the ED if it didn't work"
I wish you all the best brother. Hope to see you win in even bigger leagues. 💪
"I can’t stop thinking about death. Most likely there is nothing after this at all, and when we die that’s it. It’s terrifying"
Let’s hope!!
Highly recommend trying some coconut water in your intra-workout stack. I'm for sure noticing slightly improved performance over just my normal EAA/cluster dextrin shake.
"That back double paw is looking sick, when does she compete?"
"Yeah, bad photo my bad. I assure you I look very symmetrical in person with the exception of my pec"
It's great for quads but your glutes can fall behind if you go wild with them
You didn’t show us what you look like after man.
Objectifying lmao. How does it feel to be 23 and still haven't felt pussy?
"Agreed on 212. He looks more like a 212 competitor, and he doesn’t have the height that CBum has (I think he’s only 5’9”), and he can’t get the same vacuum that Chris gets either. Insane conditioning though and a super talented bodybuilder."
Conditioning wise Iain is way better. Comparing the back Iain is far better. I saw an nsp video and even he was like I'm surprised why Steve didn't get 2nd. Dude anyone that's not blind can see the difference Iains conditioning and size is just on point. He held it together in prejudging and the finals
"No worries, as long as you have the set your all."
I doubt that chest acne came from the protein you sprinkle on your oats for breaky
"If you're looking like that being natty yeah you can compete for sure, and with good results probably."
"They're fine. I lift in flat Ryderwear which are similar to wrestling shoes. Some movements I prefer to swap out olympic shoes for, but not out of necessity. The elevated heel can improve rom on some leg exercises. Anyway, yeah nothing at all wrong with a flat heel. Many people swear by chucks (too narrow for me)."
I worry the grip masters and hand clamps are gonna mess up my joints so I tend to stay away from them. I've never really heard of any pros using them as well besides arm wrestlers.
"Well he did beat Phil. That has to count for something. There's a precious few people who've ever lived who can say they beat a 7 time mister O, even an past-his-prime one."
"Good for you! This is not really a post about bodybuilding, alas."
Haha like for real 😂🤦‍♂️
"Haha 

This past season was such a disappointing let down compared to the previous one. I just want to get into a New Years 6 before I graduate"
"Interesting paper and definitely makes some good points but I'm not sure I'm on board with the author's base assumption: ""masculinity is first and foremost a performance for other men"".


Is that true? Isn't masculinity just the group of characteristics that have been selected for in males due to the fact that humans reproduce sexually?"
"I honestly think many (not all, not even most, just many) of the people who hype up 2xPPL splits don’t actually train that hard."
Happy Birthday handsome!!!
True that
"Best, if any, supplement to help with noob gains? I don’t take any supplements other than drinking a mixed protein powder sometimes for extra calories. I’m eating at probably a minor surplus. Currently still experiencing soreness after each workout which I imagine will dwindle down in a couple weeks. Should I just save my money? I’m not into caffeinated preworkouts because I take adderall in the morning and the shit makes my heart go haywire every now and then. BCAAs? Creatine? Shut the fuck up noob and keep lifting? Just curious if any really changed the game"
"Sort of is fine, comes with the territory of intense training and beating the logbook. 

When it gets to the point where you’re anxious as fuck and genuinely would rather do anything else but get under that weight you should probably do another movement or deload."
"Wrong sub. 

But while you are here:

Any workout you will do consistently over a long period of time. 

Workout. Eat. Sleep. Repeat."
Do this every weekend pretty much but I'm intolerant of cheese... Still recommend.
"My best lifts all time have been a 300lb bench, 465lb squat, and 525lb deadlift"
Fuck flat bench. All my homies incline bench
I guess I mean there’s better physics he’s overplays and pretty annoyng dude.
"Best thing to do is research before buying. TBH, if you want to get into crypto you are best to test the waters by buying ""legit"" coins like ETH, BTC, XRP (people will say ""XRP is a scam"" but they are idiots and fail to do proper research or read headlines), etc so you gain an understanding.

1. Start by downloading the Coingecko app which gives all the coins available and you can scroll through it to check each one and what exchanges they're available on.
2. Download a wallet like Atomic wallet or if you plan on spending alot of cash, nano ledger since its offline and harder to hack or access.
3. Sign up to an exchange like Binance or Coinbase (CB has higher fees though), and see how you can buy and then look at how to send from the exchange to your wallet.
4. Once you buy, hold. IMO, alot of people cant handle volatility so they sell way too early. Depending on where you live, if you can buy and hold for 12 months you pay less tax.
5. Don't jump on these stupid meme coins or other retarded scam like coins unless you are willing to lose what you spend and/or you are like me and already made a lot of profits so don't care to lose any lol."
I also thing he finished dead last or something when he competed.
"I mean, walking is a good form of cardio and I've never felt tired even from a 15,000 step walk, so it should be fine."
Thank you man
Can’t compare photo shoot and stage pics
"No way is he gonna look sickly. It doesn't matter how flat he is, he weighs 300 lbs"
Winner already
My bad.. thank you
That’s true! But there’s a difference between “I exercise but don’t take it seriously” body and “I have not exercised this year” body
"You're screwed, man. Not only are they fused, but your fibular head is demonstrating the Sea Lion sign as described by Nakamoto in 1994, so you're doomed to end up looking like Greg Valentino.

[This does not represent my medical opinion, and is being presented for entertainment purposes only]"
Thanks man!
"No. When I row to failure, the failure is almost always at my traps/rhomboids. If your biceps are fatiguing, you're probably gripping too narrow for a trap exercise anyway."
[Man lived a hell of a life; ill definitely be pouring one out for him tonight](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTC72QoifDQ)
You stop getting them after like a week bb
Honestly bro this one comment probably just changed the direction I want to go completely. It’s either I go to the pro qualifier for men’s physique or do provincial classic another year not sure but I got time to think
No
"Everything looks solid, other than abs."
One other trick if it’s dry after cooking - mix 1 tbsp of yoghurt or creme fraiche into it
yeah but can I get some bangs or something
6000 cals a day. Sounds like a dream for a fat boy at heart like me
Cheers 🤌🏻
Seems like alot of swinging though
Lockout on the end looks a bit like hyper extension and a way to get injured if you ever start losing form and try to grind a rep and don’t have the energy to hold
"I personally always feel stronger after a deload, like coming off an uber rest day"
"I once picked up a dumbbell, but only once"
"My friend told me its core &amp; cardio day.  

How do I cut this sort of toxicity out of my life?"
"That's the one, thank you"
"Congratulations! Looking great! 

""We will follow your career with much interest"" - Palpatine"
Yep
Uhhh. Yep
I want her to pinch off my nose with her glutes
"Legs &amp; back win shows ! 

Gooooooooo HARD"
We all know you cheated and stole best poster award from converter bot
interested to hear your experience!
Ginger has been good to me
This happens when you reach a certain threshold in bodybuilding.
"Nice split bro, you seem knowledgeable, how can I calculate my calories? And how much proteins should I take? I want to loose fat and gain muscle thanks."
"lol nah we walked walked around trying to figure out where anything even was/how to start playing. kinda sad obviously the place was full of regulars at 1 in the morning, lowkey packed, and the drifters outside really welcome you"
ones that fit?
but you can still try your best to do it anyway
Awesome!  Congratulations.  And wow!
Elbow is fucked lads
"My spouse told me to cool it with talking about the family dog. Apparently, over the last few days I’ve become one of those people that overly shares things about their dog/kid. He’s definitely the friendliest/most energetic dog my family has had over the last few decades.


Dog tax: https://imgur.com/a/F2yzVm7
(Stupid Imgur albums. I tried to just copy the photo and the link was half a page long)


He could barely pick the branch up but he loved it."
Damn right it is
"Excellent man, congrats"
if you can get some modafinil that would help you bust out more work and stay in the zone
"I think he already plays football, that could lead to overtraining legs."
Tbh that just looks like a lighting/pump difference. Its not a huge difference between left and right mate
The best Mileena skin for Mortal Kombat
Why’s the op such a fuckin weirdo lmao
"Go to a doctor. 

Freak out: why the fuck are people posting and asking for medical advice (against sub rules to begin with) in the freakout thread."
"Wrong sub, maybe try r/brogress"
"To be honest, I've never seen a real source, but it is said that Flex was asked once why he had missed the Olympia one of the years he did, and he said he was jumped by like 4 ninjas on the street."
Access to the best roids
Lmao I see what you did there
"Akim is top6 Olympian from last year. No way Sergio places anywhere near him, let alone ahead of him.

Bonac, Akim, Iain, Nick for sure in top 5, and one of Roelly, Steve or Justin to complete it."
"I misread it as 148 lbs and could not understand how you had so much mass until re-reading.  


Solid for 4-6 weeks, do both, might as well. But if you continue past your first, focus classic, cuz it'd be a crime to hide those quads in board shorts"
I wish I could eat potatoes more on a bulk. Honestly one of my favorite foods but they are too low on calories for me to use them in an off-season setting.
"Hahah how bout I do you one better with a full fledged tour BUS 🤭. Haha but for real never thought about the ol foreman that’s a good idea! (Why did the font change halfway through this?!)

Edit: well apparently font doesn’t change when I post only when I was writing 🤷🏼‍♂️"
Great shape and in a really good place 5 weeks out !
Everything in this statement is true.
"Can't put it flat on the ground, it strains my calf muscle.

If I'm laying down and my leg is bent, I can move my foot up and down with minimal pain, just soreness in the calf. 

If my leg is straight, the pain in my calf prevents me from flexing my foot upward."
i just mean it as in like how do you live for 20+ years and still have such vain and small-minded priorities?
"Tips on good programs, I’m thinks a push pull legs (chest/back)(arms/shoulders) legs"
"Bro this shit was just way too much low quality cheese, way too oily with soggy ass crust.  It just made me sad man. But I remember places like that before I got over here, always so hyped up with slightly above chillies quality food while being twice the price."
"Ew, wtf is wrong with you"
I’ve made 75 dollars in the last 2 days on it wtf
"I don’t want to be a part of this, i tear myself to shreds on the daily lol."
"Thanks man, appreciate it! You too"
Thank you! This is what I’ve been saying. Leg mass is somewhat genetic. I train my legs hard as fuck and I know everyone from amateur to pro that I’ve met or seen do as well. Others may train legs differently (more athletic focus). It genuinely sounds ignorant and petty when people try to take away from a great physique’s credit by bitching about legs in a division with shorts. It’s a different division with different qualities to be admired. Just because you won’t accredit them doesn’t mean they aren’t present.
"Girlfriend agrees. Feeling strong about this, feeling good. Thank you for your support."
"Ah, Rich right next to my favorite natty lifter"
Eating is literally the most important thing if you wanna actually grow dude
"Assuming you are responsible enough to limit yourself: Ask for as high a limit as you can in my opinion. They’ll approve you for as much as they can based on your income and payment history (some companies only care about your history with them, like CapitalOne, while some care about your entire credit report). This will improve your score significantly and even more so if you keep your utilization low."
"Congrats! I know bodybuilding is a lot more healthy for your body then anorexia, but be sure you're not swapping one body insecurity for another. Sure, bodybuilding is healthy and a ""good"" obsession, but if the mindsets the same one where you feel like you have to be built otherwise you're super ugly and worth it, then I would reccomend working on that so you can approach bodybuilding from a healthier perspective. 

I'm not saying this is you or anything, if it's not feel free to ignore this, but I've known a couple people who have just switched the method, kept the mindset, so I thought I'd just say. Best of luck to you man!"
I'm on a bulk but I swear it makes me feel morally wrong
Okay bald boy
Are you on maintenance or cutting now?
"Nah, Chest should be bigger."
I forgot how FREAKY Branch was holy chit!
"Like the others have said, don't put so much pressure on yourself to try and chase this ""success"". Just do things you enjoy and things that make you happy. Things will fall in to place, and that place could be something you never expected. 

I understand the feeling, there is this strange obsession being perpetuated by social media that everyone should be chasing money and get rich as fuck as quickly as you can. Fuck all that, chase the happiness man."
Yeah you're exactly right. That is something I struggle with posing wise. I've been working on it. Part of it is the posing and part of it is needing to be leaner. I appreciate your feedback and thanks so much!
no more HGH for him
"God guys like you make me so fucking jealous, I'm not mentally stable enough for Tren and it kills me having to do this the hard way with stupid test only or test+orals cycles. Meanwhile fuckers like you are like YEAH LOL 1200MG TREN + TONS OF BURGERS NO SIDE EFFECTS *boom 250lbs big as fuck*"
Weakest CCP members
Yes we all notice every day at all times always
its so strange that bioidentical hormone replacement means you cant distribute plamsa and platelets. medicine is weird
"JP is quickly becoming one of the best coaches in the industry. I’d highly recommend his methodology. 

Be warned, training how he prescribes is not easy. On paper it doesn’t look like much but actually training as intensely as is necessary is brutal"
Does yohimbine make anybody else feel like absolute trash? Last time I felt like this I had the flu :I
Will do thanks
Looking great bro!  Impressive
"You'll lose ""size"" wherever store fat most generally. Dont worry about the measurements though. Im down about 10 pounds since December, sleeves fit looser and went down a notch on my lever belt, i know im smaller but i actually look bigger with the definition."
His are better tbf might have to ask him where he got them
Honestly Arnold looks DYEL compared to modern body builders.
"You really underestimate how much people change in 3 years, especially in their mid-20s, and when you're comparing their face after months of extreme dieting and then dehydration."
I thought you Dutch fucks had your shit together man
"Correct. He can still continue to improve but he could achieve what would take him 10 more years of natural training in less than 6 months if he's enhanced. You don't need to blow up to Olympia size just because you start juicing. You can instead simply achieve a much fuller, leaner physique than you could otherwise achieve naturally. Now don't misunderstand, he still looks good. And he can look better naturally. But being enhanced would just make him go beyond that and much faster."
"Damn with my 2 hour eating window I’m at 2 cups dry, who knows how much cooked. No wonder my gut is jacked now for 3 weeks!"
Happiness to depression
Yo no one told you? It's opposite week
"Thanks bro! Hopefully it’s somewhere close to there! And get to squatting boiii, because for whatever reason it isn’t getting harder… i think it’s because I’m coasting with 2-5 reps in reserve."
My grandmother died in 1994 before I was born
Thanks for your feedback and compliments! Arm thickness needs some work for sure!
"Nah friend, it's not just about her mass.

It's about being this freaking lean as a woman to boot.

Not even a myostatin deficiency could help her there.

It's always about the lean mass. Generally you can be big or lean natty. Not both. Especially not as a woman."
"Yeah I’m not looking to rush right back into it without the green light from the physio. I’ll make sure to ask about alternative exercises and those ones you’ve mentioned, thank you!"
You have a good bone structure and you're lean. You need to give it more than 2 months especially if your home equipment isn't extensive. Give it a year to see some real gains if your training and nutrition is good.
What do you guys eat for lunch? I struggle to find a meal that has over 1000 calories
"Solid cut, taper definitely came through!"
"Chest and shoulders BB, probably my favorite workout for the week."
What's you training regime looking like? Split and time in gym etc?
Idk if you can talk sense into someone who thinks that taking a vaccine is purely about protecting himself.
You know what my blood pressure has been fucked up lately that might be it
"Thanks man, I’m bout done getting top from your mum in the bathroom, I’ll give it a shot ASAP🤝"
"I love the idea, but man, I don’t know how many people are gonna be willing to spend $100-$220 on a program, and if people are pirating them to participate that feels super scummy (I know the google drive link is still floating around). 

I would gladly participate though!"
"the problem that iain has, is that he isnt the biggest, roundest, prettiest...he is just a good all rounder who wins because he has the least weaknesses. He doesnt win convincingly or blow his competitors away, hence there is always controversy

personally i thought steve won and i liked his physique better, was more impressive, but i can see how iain won"
Sorry for this stupid question lol but would gyno symptoms be obvious and after how long in cycle can I possibly expect them
"No worries hehe I'm not a native English speaker so sometimes is hard to express where I want to put the emphasis of something! And yeah hope so man, has been too many time where visually there are almost no changes. At least this week I'm not feeling miserable lol"
"Alright im out , we'll see olympia day, curry 5th place rami 1st."
"Np dude it happens, i wish this sub was named r/competitivebodybuilding or something"
"No posts are toxic, they're all heckin' cute and valid.  
   
Reminds me of a similar sentiment from the [car community](https://imgur.com/gallery/yKjZzf4)."
Yeah it’s honestly tough to look at but fascinating in a way
"No problem. its completely legal too, so you wont have to worry about it disappearing off the face of the earth one day. It has been a game changer, seriously"
Awesome! Thanks dude this is going to help me simplify some stuff I think.
What is it clinic called? I’d like to go through them
One paper cut and he’s dead
"Yeah man I saw those too. All I could think about , that’s just a worse version of a lunge  since u don’t need to stabilize ur body . 

That machine is the only thing in my gym that has side bars for dips ."
First leg day with a belt and hot damn this is wonderful. I feel like I can engage all of my core instead of just the front for the first time. Feel much tighter during DLs
"Idk what to say, after seeing raw footage of Chris’ look from show day, it makes me realize how retarded everyone of us are for trying to be an armchair critic watching a shitty livestream. Even watching the prejudging with Calvin filming it you could tell how hyper-aware Terrence was of Cbum opposed to just focusing on himself, the psychological factor I feel plays a part in it as well."
Gotcha haha. Though I think at that point you are going to be fine eyeballing the meat.
Wow king ducky mr. Ph.D mr. logic mr. know it all wow ducky just come on now mr. show off mr. big brain mr. yeah
Nice work brother. Look massive! What was your contest weight?
"That’s cool and all, but this isn’t r/dating"
"Is it like on the side of the elbow?  Could be elbow tendinitis.  But yeah, go see a doctor about it."
"Anyways, congrats for your choice of exercise and the best of luck!!"
Lol I was thinking same thing
"I appreciate the in depth explanations, you think the BPC would even be worth it or should I just outright skip it entirely?"
"Was bulking and got sick of eating, to the point where I dreaded every meal. So I just relaxed my diet a bit. Then I got the first COVID shot which put me down for about a day and a half, and then I got sick after that (basically back to normal now). End result is that I've lost 7-8 lbs of ~~pure dense lean rock-hard contractile tissue~~ water and glycogen. Going to bulk for the next two weeks to sort of ""reset"", and then start a brief cut for summer.

It's funny when you get sick and drop down to a weight you haven't been in forever, but you obviously didn't just lose fat, so you look flat instead of shredded."
"It’s cool! I understand, I’m no where near close to being able to compete but I’m just so excited. I train like I’m 150 weeks out lol"
Thank you for those kind words!
"One of the best things you can do is limit your social media.

This is one of the only places I check anymore as it's low-key here and positive. I got rid of Facebook/Instagram/etc. because those sites are built to rile up your emotions both good and bad. They're also built to be addicting.

If there are certain pages you view that just serve to stress you out and don't add anything to your life, unsubscribe from them for a bit. Try turning off social media notifications. You might find your mental state to be better."
"A fine observation, young man."
Bad days are normal. Bad weeks are cause for concern.
Haha do.u have a nice butt???? 😋
"Age is just a strength multiplier, he’s about twice as strong as me too and I’m 37."
Peds? Serious..i wanna cycle but want examples.
Whey and cream of rice. Or any meal you leave prepared the day before.
"Women, yes. I've only been at the new one for two days. I'm generally friendly and love making gym friends. I'm just very mean to dudes that neg me."
thank you for this very honest and amazing answer !
"Leaning out is with a caloric deficit. 

Building muscle is with whatever plan you enjoy and have time for."
Agreed.
Boi get yo ass outta here
"thats the point of having the savings, friend :)"
"please tell me you're like 5'6"", it would make so much sense"
Amazon for like…I think it was $16 bucks!
Lookin like a Viltrumite
I’m glad I could actually make a difference for someone!
I trust em 🤣
"Yep pretty stupid, could understand more precise advice but like dude, a guy that's competing is obviously doing rows."
Wicked physique and great chest my man! Keep working at it!
Can you help me with home workouts and how to break weekly exercises. I've got Dumbbell Barbell and curved barbell. M23 65 kg 5ft 7.5in
Na man I fucked my ankle in hs. So it’s very hard for me to do pressing movements with my legs. So I don’t have crazy legs. But I’m getting surgery for the ankle after the show
"&gt; Chose the wrong one dude.

That's not how it works"
Ahh pedophile WhAtAbOuTiSm ... A new low
"Yes. A growing theory among historians is that Europe’s colonization of the Americas was made substantially easier by a wave of disease that wiped out about half of the indigenous population shortly before Columbus’ arrival. Colonization and disease from Europe eventually drove indigenous populations to ~5% of what they were 5,000 years ago. 

https://www.nationalgeographic.com/science/article/111205-native-americans-europeans-population-dna-genetics-science

Further, CAFO’s/over use of antibiotics are a major concern because they are a breeding ground for ‘superbugs,’ which are hard-to-kill diseases. IE a super version of a disease we can easily treat with antibiotics could have a strain emerge that is immune to antibiotics. In fact, this is already happening 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.vox.com/platform/amp/2017/2/27/14750882/deadliest-superbugs-world-health-organization"
You playing 5d chess over here
"Should be tryna impress wifey though.

But i honestly wouldnt even know what my Gf prefers, fully bulked PL mode or cut mode."
"Shoulder impingement is a painful process, if it's occurring then you're going to feel it, so if you avoid bringing the bar high enough to cause pain then there is very little risk"
What you play with it boss?
"Yes. In the US at least, most people consider themselves single until there is a definite title to the relationship such as boyfriend &amp; girlfriend. Even I always made sure to have more than one person because of how fickle people can be to those they show interest in."
"Yeah, where’s his g-string so we can leave .00001% to the imagination? uGhHh"
Then you should be fine 6 month from now at the latest
Man lookin like he-man
What's your height &amp; bw? Bf%? Kinda hard to estimate what's going on but chances are you need to cut bro.
Father I crave gains
"Is it weird that I gain strength faster with high reps compared to low reps? 

I switched from nsuns to the 6x SBS Hypertrophy program and I’m hitting numbers that I’ve been stalling on for ages

For example my max deadlifts were 330lbs on nsuns and now 230lbs x 15"
Definitely my best asset
"Gear seems like a double edged sword there, you can push harder, muscles recover like crazy but guess you accumulate more systemic fatigue that way."
His organs will be fucked by the time he is 25
"You most certainly could, LAN tournaments started way before that.  Dudes used to have keyboards and shit with their game handles on them."
Jesus fucking christ.  Might as well compete in the open Olympia too.  He would be top 6 no question.
"I don’t like brown rice lol. Besides my Mexican salsas on my chicken I like to season it with salt, pepper, soy sauce and lime juice, maybe a little garlic powder too.

Also, bribing my chicken with cilantro added to the brine, so good!!"
"Muscle, I have a beard so no one would really notice the jawline"
"Look great. From your comments it sounds like you already know your strengths and weaknesses. Personally I think your front double bicep could use a tweak or two but I'm just a clown. 
Hope you kill it at competition bro!"
"You mean my 5 year before and after pics? Idk what to tell you man, I was 16 in the first pic. If 5 years of lifting plus hitting puberty doesn’t make you look different idk what will"
"I keep forgetting what makes him so great, and then I see pics like this and remember all of it."
"Well if you want to try, minoxidil really works for growing beard and is available OTC, worth the try!"
But I think I want bodybuilding to be my career in the very best future. If I started when I was 20 and stopped blasting when I was 30 and then sit on low trt for the rest of my life as a retired pro who has the experience to coach wouldn’t that be more viable? I’m aware it’s of the repercussions of gear usage but if I want to do this as my job wouldn’t it make more sense to start sooner rather than in 10-15 years time?
No? What are you on about lol
"We have no idea how tall this guy is. If he’s 5’10” and under his physique is completely attainable. So long as protein is met carbs and fat are easily obtained with a vegan diet. Just because YOU don’t like it doesn’t mean it doesn’t work. I mean I LOVE steak, but I acknowledge there are other options out there."
Do it man. You will thank yourself in the future. So many people look back and wish they did exactly this. Do it.
I would bet anyone his size looks funny while sprinting
Lol
Well their parent team is currently beating my team if that makes ya feel better.
Beautiful muscles
It happens to the best of us
Damn the women in the audience were thirsty.
"When doing db presses its fine to have scapular protraction during the concentric and then retraction on the eccentric. Look at paul carter on instagram he explains it further in depth.

To get a better contraction try doing these if you havent already
- slowing the eccentric and the concentric a bit to get better tension.
-doing a pre exhaust exercise before it like pec deck.
-do some mountain dog chest activations before you train chest. He has the exercises on youtube. One is just a banded press focusing on squeezing the chest at the top and then the other exercise is one arm straight infront of you pushing into a pole contracting your chest for 10seconds(like the end of a pec deck motion)

Hopefully those help"
Eat fewer oats. Like a normal serving.
I've got a nice juicy tip for you
"Fantastic physique, but there’s zero reason to hop on gear at 16. Like I started when I was 20, which is still too young in most people’s opinion, and did so so that I could get in a solid few cycles before I aged out of juniors. Taking gear is all fine and well, but good lord you shouldn’t be starting so young."
"Too small? Holy shit, the body dysmorphia in the community is unreal lmao. TIL 220 lbs jacked and lean is ""small"""
Can u show us the kitten selfie? You did good 💖
Could you take Videocassette’s dick out of your mouth and repeat that for me please?
Furious Pete
okay thank you!
I love doing lat pulldowns with [this](https://evolutionfitnessequipment.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/gym-attachment-multi-purpose-bar.jpg) attachment. Feels so good
Oh right.. I got confused seeing those on a push day lol I usually do those on a pull day.
"Got a great physique. This is an slight thing I noticed but don’t press your hand so hard into your waist because it takes away from your abs. If anything, I’d contour my waist/hips out on the same side you’re throwing your bicep up. But shoot, should be a problem in bodybuilding and classic"
Irony
That's what's up Lenda was awesome legend. You are killing it bro 💯💪
Attack on Titan vibes!
You gained
Sorry I have no idea what you mean.
"Hulda Lopez might be the most attractive and ascetic woman bodybuilder right now

https://www.girlswithmuscle.com/1603859/"
No hetero bro
"Perhaps you do but if it were huge (like I suggest) it would be out passed your ears, like waxed and combed. It could work dude."
She tricked you. In reality she's bee lady.
"Thank you, yeah I have been in a deficit for so long
Time to allow myself to in a surplus and grow
I have been caught up with the idea shredded to single digit bf, but if I keep dieting to that point, probably I'll be way to skinny and have no muscle to show
Or at least that's what I know, as I mentioned, I'm real new to nutrition and training 😅"
Yeah that seems fair. And thanks for elaborating. very interesting discussion
"However, the harm is already done."
"Yeah it’s pretty new, maybe came out a couple months ago at most here in the us."
"Idk, IRL I've had people come up to me and ask for tips after they saw me deadlift 3 plates, which is hilarious to me. It's impressive to normies I guess.

Now I'm repping 4 plates and actually feel less bad about my deadlift, but on the internet I am still a little weakboy because everyone here does 600 pounds minimum"
So much beast but it’s impressive. 6’5” is such a big frame to fill; props
Both my bicep and tricep are larger and hell even my delts are little bigger on the right arm
is your gym a pull up bar and an ez curl bar?
"LMAO yeah I remember that. I don't think she even knew who was on stage. ""Oh, yeah she looks really good"". Absolute joke. Especially compared to Cedric and his passionate commentary and stream of questions for Arnold and Dennis. I hope Cedric commentates more in the future"
"Doing deadlifts on leg days is amazing, it's the only way I can make it through a leg day workout."
Is that a good thing?
ill hire you but i get to wear the vipers
"It seems really hit or miss but i seem fine, just the clen cramping i had issues with at first. Thanks mate"
Is this sub unable to detect shadows and good lightning?
Great hamstring development. Any tips?
"Wrong sub, try the daily discussion on r/fitness. This sub is for competitive bodybuilding"
Yep. Especially because almost every bakery in Oregon has vegan cakes. Portland is like vegan paradise because I can pretty much eat anywhere here.
Hey relax man it’s just an opinion expressed on the Internet.  Meaningless really.
"I like my stoic single prong belt I got from Amazon. Stable enough to give me something solid to brace against, but comfortable enough to wear for high rep sets."
Lol nah but it’s nice to see that parents getting their kids into working out is more common than I had thought
It’s ironic you have “dog” in your username
"Sean O’Hagan is a 7ft tall Irish strongman, blessing will look like a child next to him"
Don't mean to be a dick but isn't that what most normal people do?
"Honestly first GF came before the sex GF and we'd been friends for a while and she asked me out so that was definitely helpful getting my feet wet initially.  Definitely learned some lessons about the importance of just being myself and having boundaries and not being a pushover or being only concerned with pleasing my partner.

   First sex GF had been a brief acquaintance and knew somewhat of me from way back around my freshman year of high school.  And again that sort of helped because apparently she had a crush on me back then. I actually ran across her on a dating site and started messaging not knowing who she was at all but she recognized me.

  I honestly did most of my out of shell/man whoring through apps/sites.  And then going on dates and just kind of getting used to the whole thing.  Never really did any pickup thing.  And yeah even with apps it can be a bit hard and discouraging at times."
Honestly same dude maybe when we're rich pro bodybuilders we'll get it done 🤣
“Just trying to get like you bro!”
I think it’s a good starting point to find out. You can always go up from there but if you start too high and pile on fat you’re stuck with it until you cut.
Wow. I didn't know Smart cars were made by Fiat.
Insane biceps
"Greasing the groove, right? Yeah ive been thinking of doing this, good to hear a favorable anecdote."
"If you aren’t cheating your curls, DYEL?"
"It sounds like you’re on the right track atleast. Obviously no one is perfect, but if you want to be a competitive bodybuilder you should live like one. 

My best advice would be (if you can afford it) find a reputable coach, see if he can bring you to the next level (tell him to fuck off if he wants you to take a shitton of drugs though)"
"Honestly the main benefit of MK-667 is how hungry it makes you. Take it in the morning and you’ll be pounding back food faster than you can cook it. Super helpful for people that struggle to eat enough, but that’s about it."
Honestly. Tans so dark they made Dennis wolf look black lmao I miss the gold tans of the 80s and 90s honestly
Lol
"it has to be this cuz theres no way thats 2 stars compared to a lot of the 3 stars ive seen. PSA to everyone wanting stars, if you dont post back or legs, those are counted as being shit 1 star tier."
wish link would work for me
I hear salt is pretty good
Does a bear shit in the woods?
Nice ramones
oh cool man didn’t know about it! can you link me to one?
"Absolute bullshit, I played high level school rugby in the UK and through my university studies and not a single guy in any of my squads ever hopped on anything."
"Two years ago I'd have been like. Bro. Wut? This is weird.

Hahaha now I'm dying laughing at this 🤣"
Lucky i could never persuade my dad to work out with me. He thinks it's weird but guess what one of us isn't a dyel
"ffs why is this nonsense being posted, Chris has said multiple times he won't never go Open, he doesn't want to increase weight/dosages that compromise his health (auto immune disease).

Plus, as Iain his coach has said, why would he leave a division he's dominating and will likely keep dominating for years to come?"
Thank you gonna need as much as I can get!!
They were likely already mentally screwed prior to jumping on the gear. Correlation is not necessary causation.
"I feel like I've been able to work around it, and can even cut successfully while drinking once a week. But I know I've hurt my progress by doing it, there's just no way to know how much or how little. I've stayed natty and don't have designs on competing."
Looks like something my girlfriend would love!
I think I'm definitely going to try his app out at some point. I'm watching everything I can from Joe on YouTube right now.
"Yep, if football players gained weight they would all look just like Big Ramy, you've solved it"
How exciting! Good luck and stay strong. The dehydration day is something I wouldn’t wish on my enemies.
Lol I definitely did. Woops. It was for the guy who most likely has a bicep year but is on Reddit asking for advice. Cheers brotha
"So at a new years eve party my friend's roommate gave me a sample of this meal replacement shake called Huel. It actually doesn't taste half bad and the macros are very good. Now I'm researching it and they have a high protein low carb version that is 200g protein per 2000kcal (5 servings). I could literally eat only this shit mixed with 1l of milk per day and have great macros, never cook, and never have to count calories lol plus its about $2 per serving, so thats only $10 a day. I'm sure I'd want to kill myself after a week, but it sounds damn beautiful on paper"
"Haha thanks bro, appreciate the kind words"
This lad is in a far better place than this shit hole of a world. Forever mirin.
"This is awesome! Roelly is a tank. And looking pretty solid yourself, OP."
"Lol well if you still enjoy the conversations or the support, then make the best of it!"
That's not even true based on how easy my friends who cycle get gear lol.
"Yes, but have you seen Antoine in a Speedo?"
"15yo 5'8"" 172lbs/ natural https://imgur.com/a/41jAW97 took this pics right after I wake up, been thinking about doing a show on classic, what do you guys think?"
"Yeah I’ll stick it out. The only time she’s aggressive is when you’re on the couch and she demands snugs, so I’m probably just over reacting to mild doubt."
"Nothing to do at home, looking at DD like ”come on, do something”"
"I trained for 8 days straight to finish off my block. And I know the whole “if you can train 8 days in a row you’re not training hard”. Well, I train hard, and I only trained 8 days in a row because I know I get this nice deload now. 

But holy hell, I am so freaking sore and beat up this morning. My back, hip flexors, and shoulders are so cooked with DOMS and it’s great."
Sounds more like the PD had a tip about a large amount of chemicals coming into the states and figured there was a dealer they could bust
"Dudes took the ""lol bodybuilding is gay"" joke to the umpteenth degree.

This is much less a BB sub 10/12 months of the year than it is a place for guys to ask for moon poses and comments on packages.

The BB stuff is gone."
Hard heels with a secret compartment to hide natty herbs and spices in.
Increase your weight and drop the reps.
"You don’t think your NEAT “downregulates” when you cut calories? Your expenditure to intake is going to change the same amount, just without the benefits of cardio and with the added stress of just eating less food. LISS isn’t going to hurt your training as long as you seperate it by like &gt;1 hour. I don’t mean to argue with you in your own thread, you look great, but it’s common knowledge activity &gt; deficit in the bodybuilding world. Was just trying to share with someone having trouble."
Good man. I don’t think my experience is indicative of the majority but either way it’s good that you’re staying on top of it 💪
I want to see Roelly win at least 1 Mr. O
"Who gives a shit, if he wants to smoke meth while ODing on tren that's his life and he'll have to deal with the consequences. It's not your job to preach to internet strangers"
"You have alot of size to gain naturally still, but do whatever the fuck you wanna do

Why are you asking advice from strangers on the internet for such a massive decision"
Nah I've been using those zero calorie things for years with no bloating or digestion issues. I've just been eating off plan and it's fucking with my stomach I think
Also yes to your second question
"I personally get the biggest sweet tooth at night I don’t sleep for shit, always waking up multiple times and typically that’s when my sweet tooth cravings are the worst, I’ve found if I make some sugar free pudding with vanilla almond milk and put a scoop or two of axe and sledge cinnamon apple pie protein or whatever protein I have on hand in with it, it’s hits my sweet tooth just right and I don’t feel bad or guilty.
Also if I take a couple fiber pills before each meal, my blood sugar stays pretty good."
All I see is shredded muscle and a head lol
"Yeah, like I'm the one commenting on porn on reddit lmao"
No monke 🥺
Wut? Leg day is best day
"Downvoted to hell but I see your point. I think Blessing's favor is that he's got room to fill out and still look well proportioned... doubt we'll be hearing much of Mohammad in future, I could be wrong but that's how I see it."
Thanks x
"Fucking clean, buddy. Did you mess with options?"
Catching Fire
his veins look like tree roots
"To some extent, squats will always feel like shit. They are heavy and they suck.

Credentials: have squatted 605x1 and 410x20"
I gotcha. Best of luck to you. Computer science seems to be a field with wide open potential.
Yes.  There are 6+ other dudes in the background.
"Well, he is pretty fucking old now"
I just really enjoy working out so I think I’m going to do it
Gotchu. Does it benefit your squat at all?
"When do you want to reach 225? Good luck, your motivation seems through the roof!"
Sounds like your directors are r/nattyorjuice regulars.
I like doing rdls with dumbells for the hamstrings barbell doesn't allow me to get the stretch I'm looking form
"No wonder Poliquin always advocated for getting blood work every six months. He always argued it was to check magnesium and zinc levels among others, but I realize that I wasn’t reading between the lines in his initial statements around what he was touching on: AAS."
the day you stop competing is the day you die
"Injury-ish thing. I get pain in my shoulder when doing overhead pressing. Got an MRI, there was no damage detected or anything.

I should correct myself and say that the PT told me straight-up to just not do pressing anymore, as they basically weren't able to figure out what the issue was."
Peaks looking sick
"Real talk though, if you want a good natty split try splitting it up by doing just 250mg on Monday, 250mg on Thursday. Do this for 12-16 weeks and you’ll blow up seriously."
Enjoy the grind man!
"I appreciate that bro, unfortunately I’m just an Aesthetic Demi-God. 

Aesthetic God was my father"
"I’m glad it worked out for you! My plan is to do a mini cut for 6 weeks to lose about 10 lbs starting on Monday. May decide to cut further after that, I’ll reassess then. Sucks, but oh well"
Tattoo is sick bro!
Hahaha! Well I haven't had carbs in like a week. So I'm assuming my glycogen stores are pretty empty. But thank you man!
My god damn back.
"Damn tough one, but I’m going with Arnold"
Definitely heavy on the artificial flavors. Really hit or miss for me
"Looks super solid in the torso.  Good shoulders, arms, good flow to the upper body in the front.  Good taper from the front.

Back looks great.  Excellent development all around.  Don’t forget to get your triceps popping when you’re doing opening up your lats - it’s like your hammies- it’s not technically your back but it contributes to the overall flow of the pose more than you’d think.  Super good shape of the torso from the back.  Do y’all not do standing lat spreads the way the men do them?  Ham out tucked arms @ your lower back, and then spread the freedom cobra?

Legs look great from the front while flexed

Some possible criticism.  Obviously a week out is too late to do anything about it, but food for thought for the future perhaps.

Weird camera angle.  Harder to judge.  Could be a big brain move if the judges are positioned the same way.

Legs look great from the front while flexed, but a little soft from behind, where a lot of the girls really go nuts on conditioning, so you may stand out with weaker hammies.

A little oblique conditioning to differentiate the core would help a lot, break up that soft area with a few lines.  Same with the serratus minor.

Thoughts, obviously I am not a judge.  You look super proportionate, have a great flowing physique, and N excellent taper.  Good luck in your comp!"
insanely good
Thanks man I appreciate it lol. If only I could execute fuckin school the same way I do with fitness 😂
What a huge idiot you are. Get lost 😂just a pussy who couldn't gain muscle at the gym and brags about working in warehouse. Bet you can't even eat a singe chicken
"That's called nervous system fatigue, your nerves can't tell your muscles to contract as hard as normal. Just take a bit more rest and you'll be back to normal."
No. Go post your stats on a powerlifting thread not a BODYBUILDING page bruh..
Best paying by far. The cap on recruiter bonuses is fairly recent afaik.
I definitely feel that in my soul. It was even getting to the point where sativa's early in the day we're making me feel stupid lol. Honestly your routine sounds pretty solid too.
"Yeah, I only ask if I'm going to 1RIR or if I'm feeling less than 100% on my earlier sets. In this case I felt like I could set a rep pr and naturally it was super demoralizing to have somebody snatch the bar up when I wasn't even anywhere near failure. Especially when they literally acknowledged that they would only use two fingers and only after I explicitly said ""spot."""
"Exactly dude, Thanks anyway!"
People here giving you smart ass answers smh. If you're able to tolerate a lot of pain you could just use a lighter to burn off the fat.
"I truly can not tell the difference between organic plain Greek yogurt and non organic plain Greek yogurt. Is the non organic Greek yogurt has less calories/more protein, I’m willing to go for that since it’ll help me reach my macros for the day quicker, leading to potentially having more space for food I crave"
:(
Then my joke doesn't work
"&gt;powerlifter gril with a 425 dead  
  
You lucky dog."
No
Awesome
"Fuck me, what a mess.

Why the fuck would you take PEDs without working out or any dieting experience? Why would you do it at an already tiny weight? You start lifting and you'll gain 10kg without trying while natural. Why would you take it so young?

Fucking idiot"
"Yeah that’s why I had to start getting fat, I was afraid you start riding my dick"
"No, I have never competed!"
"totally missed u, bb ♥️💙💚💜💗"
"well fuck, guess i almost got cocaine for christmas"
Do not give credit to others.
Thats crazy good progress for 6 months. Time to increase the calories and grow. You been dieting hard for a while and are ready to bulk up and make some serious gains!
"21 CBum was better than 20 CBum, but Ruff made more improvements to close the gap"
Only an estimate - 30-35% very hard to tell just by looking sometimes!
"Definitely seeing strength and muscle growth. Especially in my chest and tris. I'm still on maintenance, and haven't weighed myself, but my belt keeps getting tighter and several of my old suit coats don't fit like they did on arms and shoulder"
"That’s the key, hit em with the surprise 1-2"
"A month of progress, my mid section sucks 😔 https://i.imgur.com/iFtwDSA.jpg"
"I feel that pain bro, it rly ain't cash money. Look into low fodmap foods."
People are too scared to take other peoples shit. Sorry bro gym is busy I’m not gonna let you use 5 machines all at the same time.
Lol I don’t think so the GOAT is here and no one is around to see him. I’m glad he commented on his tan of all things. So pumped up right now I’m gonna go hit the gym. Rest Easy Arnie!!! Thank you for all that you do
"SLIGHT CALORIE DEFICIT TO LEAN UP FOR PERMA LEAN BULK

DURING 5 WEEK INTENSE CLASSES AND STUDYING FOR ACCOUNTANCY EXAMS

THEY SOMEHOW MADE THE COURSES WORSE WITH THE SYLLABUS RE-DESIGN

FLAT DOWNSTAIRS HAS BUILDERS IN FROM 7AM

THEN SHE FUCKIN PLAYS LOUD MUSIC IN THE EVENINGS

EVERYONE AT MY GYM IS A TIME WASTING MORON


REEEEEEEEEEE"
I hope you don't have a downstairs neighbor.
But if I was bulking and hitting the gym hard everyday and my goal was to put on 20 lbs of pure muscle in 3 months I would take trenbologne and testosterone enanthate and eat a ton of protein
Order 66 ur ass
Dm it to me pls bro
"Welcome back!

&gt;Has MM or ON Whey go down in quality in the past decade+?

I used to be a hardcore ON Whey consumer years ago.  IMO their quality has gone down significantly.  MM has always had the issue of so many extra cals/macros when I just wanted the protein (stupid tasty back in 2007 though).

I'm a big fan of REDCON1 MRE Lite.  Most of the flavors are great. except apple pie and Smores (especially horrid).  If you sign up for their promo emails, they run BOGO protein on an off regular basis."
Don’t forget the Testorona bun and Anadrola garnish
"Hell yes. Rpe 7-8 4x12 at 110kg slow and controlled.

Fun fact, did em in my backyard. So my neighbour got a nice look at my shrug face. She walked out at just the right time."
That's disgusting. Good job.
Has he torn his pec? I have this exact same thing where my tendon sticks out like that on my right side but doctors just told me to heal it. Anyone know the backstory?
BTC  was a legit nice guy in the gym with everyone. Never a dick to the newbies or pros at MvB.   RIP BTC
Damn you got a pretty inspiring story for those of us trying to lose a lot of fat. I've always struggled with weight but been lifting hard and dieting the last 4 months and put on a lot of muscle while losing 14kg so far. Looking forward to hitting a good weight (probably around 10kg more) so I can start eating more and hopefully keep the noob gains rolling a little longer.
Assault bike for life
"yeah winning the second biggest bodybuilding competition in the world means he's a flop , gtfo"
He thought it was good idea to post this? What a fucking Manlet
"Yes, I mostly solved it by warming up with 3 sets of leg extensions and 3 sets of leg curls every leg workout."
bro you did not need to do him like that
"good. problem solved. now shut the fuck up about your make-believe broken shoulders and all the other bullshit that you constantly spam about,"
Still nursing tennis elbow from my last cut 😞
guy is a walking contradiction. caption talking about working out with a purpose and he can't even help but argue with people in the middle of a set
Ripped guys on Instagram are also pretty common.
Well the Arnold split I'm doing already has 2 arm days each week. so it might be the intensity that is my problem.
Steroids…enough said.  Stop bragging like you didn’t cheat.  Also the man on the left looks ridiculous with chest implants.
"That's a real shame, I would think they would appreciate the business."
Then fair play man
"huh I did miss that, good point"
"You sound pretty insecure, ngl. If that's the weight the dude does his calf raises, and he does them in a good rep range, with good form, why would he go ""that hard""?

To say he's not ""strong"" enough to put his weights back is also wierd. Yeah, he's not conscious about others who might wanna use the machine, that's on him. But it's not your business what weight he needs for an exercise."
"Sometimes it’s hard to realize the gains until you throw on a shirt you havnt worn in awhile. This thing tight in all the right places, and loose around the gut."
"So I started my first cut today and I have a question.

It has to to with how many calories I should be eating. My weight is currently 100 kg (220 lbs) and I am going down to 85 kg (187 lbs) during the coming 16 weeks. My Lifesum app calculated that I should be eating about 2000 calories a day. I have also connected the Lifesum app with my Fitbit watch so it tracks the number of calories automatically. 

For example today I have walked 17.000 steps and I also did a pull workout at the gym. Lifesum says that I should be eating 1500 calories extra today then. But I have heard that Fitbit often tracks more calories burnt than you actually burn and 3500 cals a day seems a bit too much for a cut right, What should I do?"
"End of lockdown looming in the UK. Just rejoined the gym in await. 

Any motivational tips not been exercising for close to a year. 

Absolutely itching to get back into the gym"
I can see how that's a problem too. I just have such shitty food discipline that I'll never have chiseled perfect abs and obliques unless the entire restaurant industry around me shuts down.
"Low dose cialis is actually the best pump-supp out there. Doesnt harm your body, has a lot of benefits as well, several studies have been made about it related to bbing. 

Viagra on the other side, well..."
Not sure why you’re downvoted I agree. Slow and steady wins. Slowly pull calories and add cardio as needed. You need to leave room to make changes.
good.
Yes 😎
"Often, full body 2-4x a week is ideal for beginners, some form of upper/lower would be good alternatively. Most beginners will gain strength and muscle mass basically simultaneously so I don't think splitting them up like that is necessary."
"Yeah seems like it. I don’t have a problem if I don’t seem him. I see him all the damn time. But he didn’t have to go out of his way to tell me all that 

And th-th-thanks you too!"
Thanks! I’ll try it out!
"It's not the smartest approach but right now my mental and enjoying things in general is what limits me the most, and this made me enjoy the day a lot so worth it IMO!"
"Sorry, I didn't really look at the context of the comment you were replying to and thought you were just trying to say there's no way he's not natty. My mistake"
Yeah I hope so too I’d hate to see these up and comers have a short career or life for that matter  by playing the size game
Ngl pretty good for a 15 year old
"Some good discussion. It's sort of open for interpretation but the two are nearly the same.

[According to some Nipple guy](https://youtu.be/_oyxCn2iSjU), the SDL starts from the ground and the RDL starts just below the knee (or from a low rack position).

A rack pull is like a RDL from slightly higher, just about at the knee.

All of this is relative to your own body, some people have short torsos with long arms, the difference between SDL, RDL, and rack pull for someone like that might be damn near negligible. On the opposite end of the spectrum, all the T-Rex manlets might have a very noticeable difference between those 3 starting points."
Insane thickness and density for someone so young 👏
Just cut it completely.
Holy shit Warlock. That is all
"The original trilogy is pretty solid and fun, campaigns are short. The multi-player back then was prime stuff though."
"I posted yesterday about back muscle pain and idk if the heat pad worked some miracle, if it was just a stress knot, or if I just slept on it wrong, but I have felt amazing today. Almost 0 pain there all day. Still a touch sensitive, but nothing like what I was experiencing this weekend. I'm so thankful 🙏"
Absolutely yoked. Hot damn.
Alright hi everybody!
"Yes, I don't think I'm hitting the angles or lighting to show my best look. I am meeting with a posing coach once a week starting now until show day to help with posing. TY TY"
Awesome bro :)
Feels good
Deff go to a new barber bro. A good haircut is only 20-25$
"mistake of actually training the mythical calves? or not training them often enough.

I gotta go with the former"
"Squat, bench, power clean, row, press."
"I’m mirin the forearms , HARD"
Cbum has shaken his dick 3 times before putting it back in his pants to get that last bit of pee in his underwear anyway.
"People who go over board with the relax environment of a local gym. Went to do core last saturday night &amp; some guys were lifting; and one of them happen to be a pudgy fellow. And guess who felt the need to be shirtless? Thankfully, there wasn't anyone there but the three of us. But through the course of my entire of my session, he's yelling, fist puming his friend, etc. It just bothered me how obnoxious he was."
Quads are looking pretty sick. Good work.
He’s a natural black athlete dummy
"rip, wish things were different"
Which is what men should aspire to look like at the beach 😂😂
Ask them if they liked Incredibles 2 as much as the original.
thank you!
"Oh yeahhh I do follow you, jealous of the arms man"
"I don’t love them, but they certainly don’t detract from his physique like they did when he was an amateur. They need just a littttle more size at this point to really complete the look"
"I was very unaware that your 3D renders of virus, etc. in your IG may have been involved with your job. That's cool asf"
Rich just finished his 8 hour arm workout. Natty as it gets.
"Good on the salt! I'd just have the oatmeal at 2PM and add some more oats there, that way it'll also be a more filling meal."
Yeah i think im gonna do what mei suggested and do easy sets at home and then do hard sets at the gym.
Finally got a break and accepted into respiratory school! Question is. What brand of scrubs would make me look the most joocy ?! Srs
"He is a former top 6

Not saying he will but to me, he brings something unique"
"Size will definitely come, just wanted to see what i was working with before i get in."
"Does maintaining current strength get harder and harder the stronger you get?
  

  
If so in what main ways does it get harder? Or does the difficulty in maintaining current strength stay the same relatively, no matter how much stronger you get?"
"1. Wrong sub
2. You’re a piece of shit"
Can we hang in my mom's basement instead? I'm shy
And I thought you were the renaissance man :(
Now that you’ve challenged him you have to post a peak check
Well thanks for not just clouting and contributing instead! I'm finding this whole world really interesting but clearly I don't know shit so it's nice to have discussions and content that I can learn from
He’s joking are guys that dumb
"Yeah, it makes sense to me if you stay lean enough eventually some of them would go away, but that could take years


  maybe cool sculpting?"
feels good to be back
Lol they're both Seth
"Asparagus! 100 g of cooked asparagus is like 22 Kcal. It's nothing. Doesn't have much fiber but it does curb hunger when you run afoul of your intake like that. I mean, your piss does smell damn awful of course. 

Spinach! Pop Eye the Sailor Man! 


Brussells Sprouts! 100 g pre-cooked is 43 calories! 4 g of fiber!

Green beans! 100 g is 30 calories. I try keep this stuff on hand because I know I'll sometimes get hungry and these can be eaten alone or combined for under 100kcal."
Bro. Good luck. Definitely doesn’t make me wanna get my nose done anytime soon.
Seriously even Arnold had better biceps than Beckles
Post mandatory poses pls
lol
No
"Pay off debt.

I work in auto loan industry and it's shocking how many people just can't afford their vehicles. At least not at the interest rate we charge."
You can totally deadlift-deadlift a trap bar if you want. Trying to squat with with is an easy mistake imo
Yes
"what do you mean exactly, sorry I barely use reddit also no need to downvote it just tryna engage with the community"
"Damn man, awesome conditioning and good proportions. If that isn't enough what else"
"Pretty hard to tell from a mile away and that horrible pose 🤷🏼‍♀️

Get someone to take pics for you my dude"
Yep - that’s what it was. You can’t train for a couple month out of the year and expect to have the results that are displayed here. So basically he wasted his talent. If he was concerned about injuries he could have back off but still trained and got meals in without pushing the envelope.
"That African dude with the insane grip strength that Larry ""found"" as well. He could have just continued working as a car mechanic with massive hands for the rest of his life and no one would have ever known him. There are some real freaks out there."
Nah I hope your weekend is lit
Fair enough! And yeah man it's pricey but worth it IMO. I mean to be fair my stack is pretty up there though haha.
Love st. Croix can't wait to go back :)
"Creatine makes like a 1% difference. Not nothing, but not much either. Better off dialing in your diet, routine, and sleep before worrying about supplements"
Those wheels are ridiculous 📈👏🏽👏🏽
great app
"Might be worth a shot. Currently sitting right under 22%, so can afford to bump up a bit"
"Try pancakes and make sure to wash it down with chocolate shakes, if you’re gaining too much god damn weight."
What were you trying to accomplish yourself?
I think i have lingering fatigue maybe. As opposed to my regular fatigue.
"Arnold is the GOAT, Ronnie is the best."
"One could argue switching to a full body training routine would be ideal in this situation, but whatever keeps you on the gains train is more important, especially with your work status. If PPL works, keep on keepin' on."
"Second pic oblique is kickin ass, good pic."
Don't be sad. Here's a [hug!](https://media.giphy.com/media/3M4NpbLCTxBqU/giphy.gif)
Lets bring Vitaliy Ugolnikov aka Good Vito. This guy please😏😏
You flow beautifully like a dancer ✨
You're welcome.
"well fuck that looks great, now i dont wanna post mine lmao"
I seek to achive this am doing well want more result like this very nice.
"I have, and it’s an upsetting answer but at least explains why people buy 18” bad dragon dongers as wide as Phil Heath’s forearm."
"* Cut is over, going to reverse diet a bit then looking forward to adding (back) some much needed size

* Started reading a lot more again recently. If you're like me and it's something you always say you'd *like* to do more of, just take the approach we use with people who are lazy about going to the gym - purposefully set aside time for it. Anyway I'm super engrossed in my current book, actually brought my kindle with me to read on the exercise bike today."
No way your that metrics. Arnold was one inch shorter and same weight an he looked like a giant next to you at that level of lean.
"Oh man, that’s heartbreaking 💜"
"No cheese, no mayo, no mustard... D+"
Honestly dude if you’re not intending to compete in powerlifting just use straps for your pulling movements. Nobody gives a shit about your grip strength (outside of PL/strongman) and using straps usually helps with mind-muscle connection on back movements.
im getting last place for sure save the gas money lmao
How can I get my lower chest defined? It looks good when its wet or its cold but when the weather is hot its like a lil puffy which pokes out my clothes and I fcking  hate it should I work upper mid or lower chest?
"this is a great way to make me hate this product, good job"
Yeah he need to come in sharper
😂 😂 😂 good luck with that. A bunch of idiots here who have never even been. You guys really think the live stream needs Nick or that it’s even the main stream of revenue.
"I’m not sure, but I’d suggest the top 5% of pro wrestlers make a hell of a lot more than the top 5% of pro bodybuilders. Would you disagree with this?"
So cool
"Physique and posing is solid, you will go far. You can do very well on the NPC stage as well. You got this bro!!!"
YMCA is a scam for $40 a month for just going up to 80 lb dumbells. Only plus is they have free racks and not smith machines
"Coaches and online Gurus hate this one simple trick!

find girl who is 5'3 or shorter

sleep in the same bed as them

proceed to lose 2lbs+ every night due to thermogenesis because they are fucking small furnaces 

6% BF in no time"
I swear I've seen this before....
"This is so sad, RIP."
Fight the train pussy
"as always, thank you man i always look forward to your help. my hamstrings are pretty tired from todays workout but ill go ahead and fuck em up with more posing tonight working on all of this! great fucking bulk you got going on btw"
"I was a skinny nerd that got mediocre girls at an average rate. Figured I'd have girls left and right, knee deep in em if I was jacked. Everybody on the forums says you work out for the girls, but get noticed from the guys... Half right.

The amount of girls I got didn't change, but I went from dating 5-7's to 7-9's. Confidence grew, I did better in college, started being more social, depression went away. Honestly was the best choice I ever made."
"I do see your point but to argue against it, were you making good choices at 15? Were you able to think long term and plan for your future at that age? I sure as fuck wasn’t. Teenagers are impulsive and shortsighted. He’s a sophomore in high school he’s worrying about the wrong test. 

I just watched a video by MorePlatesMoreDates from sometime last month about kids this age taking SARMs and he covered a lot of stuff that could *potentially* happen as a result. The risk is so much greater than the reward, especially when you’re still going through puberty. Not to mention that this kid can make linear progress for a significant amount of time, he’s fucking 15. What is the point of going on juice before you have any idea of your natty potential? 

And sure, a lot of body builders were able to grow to a normal size after using gear. But we’re biased because we’re seeing the success stories of using gear young."
Actually looking like you lift
Oh yeah.. no shot... I love Hadi and believes he should be top 3. But the politics looming the sport causes him to only place in the top 5.
thats a resume / networking opportunity bro. git after it
"He deleted it, they looked like a 3-4” inseam. Nothing against short shorts, it’s just not something I personally see guys wearing so I was curious if they’re actually that short or just rolled up."
Sweet everyday
You're on the wrong sub buddy r/fitness is that way -&gt;
"i’m 73 kg 6”0 tall, trying to gain muscle so I’m eating more calories."
lol i guess some people thought u were insulting him?
Alright since you don't want to listen enjoy the gym teacher bod and the mickey mouse voice in 15 years. Also having no sexual health at all
My quads were still kinda sore from Monday lol.
Thank you.
Those cops would have made fine SS soldiers. This has gotten out of control. The government are acting tyrannical and the majority of the population needs to tell them they don't want to obey anymore. That'll stop this fast.
"A sign that my bulk has been going well is that over the past few months, girls have been crossing the street when they see me. I used to be an unintimidating twink. Now look what I've become. A hulking, sick, muscular freak. I'm not normal man."
Yes take what you learned and apply it on the next one. Saves you some heartbreak in the future.
"&gt;somehow makes people feel entitled to giving unwanted opinions.

If you take off your clothes, take pictures of yourself, post them to public forums, or get on stage to be judged, then you're inherently asking for people's opinions. The only unwanted opinions are the ones you don't like and if you think people should only say nice things about you then you probably have some other mental issues going on that you might want to talk to somebody about."
"Hey man thanks for the reply and sorry for the late one

&amp;#x200B;

I saw that post too, but the problem is that it neglects arms since that chest/back day has no arm work (or little i forget).

&amp;#x200B;

Any solutions around that? If not I guess I'll try 3 days on 1 day off and see how it works"
Thoughts on jump rope for cardio? I feel like slamming my feet on the ground over and over can not be good for my joints. Also I don’t have the coordination for this shit..
I believe It’s from the show beyond scared straight
Is this a common problem across the entire PF chain? Or just yours?
"Yes, the ROM is good part of it. I advise having both and cable curls as last to just finish off. They’re basically standing incline curls but better . I forgot what they’re called but you stand a bit forward so your arm is behind you and fully opened, great ROM"
That back is absolutely crazy
Thanks
My gym is starting to get a ton of complaints about the mask mandate during workouts. Which is funny because 9/10 people I see are doing half rom tricep pushdowns and resting 5 minutes between sets. If you're gonna whine about masks at least work harder lol.
Agree. If i were a 250lb turboslob expecting a squat chick id be laughed at and rightly so.
"Good waist, nice shoulder width, and your legs are thick"
It feels like a pump (burning sensation from metabolite accumulation) in your lower spinal erector muscles.
"Great work! Would you be willing to hit us with the same shots with left leg back? I am a complete amateur at judging stage presence, I am a muscle doc though. I can spot them muscles, but the shadows are hiding some."
Thank you !
"*PLEASE HELP A NOOB OUT*

Hi guys 

I’m just getting into weightlifting for the first time. Since we are in lockdown in the U.K. I decided to buy a second hand bench and squat rack with 60kg worth of plates and a 20kg barbell. My question is will I be able to make a considerable amount of gains (noob gains) with 80kg? Thank you to anyone who replies."
"This is legitimately one of the craziest lifting related things I have ever seen.

You just black out, hit the deck, get up, nod your head “yup still breathing” and just go straight for it again.

What the fuck is wrong with you that was beautiful man"
Thank you
"off topic rant. low key annoyed hearing and seeing rants from friends or online of being unable to travel and how covid changed 'everything'

if your life revolved around that one every few months of overseas vacations, maybe its time to rethink about your life."
University of south carolina....usc lol. Gamecocks are their mascot.
Looks like arms stayed the same size while everything else grew!
I suspected that
Thanks!
After the first one my arm was so goddamn sore I needed Tylenol to sleep that night.
"Good idea, I’ll do the same"
"Of course dude, always love seeing others progress :) you rebound well after that show? Whats your weight been like since? I forget what you prepped down to tbh"
"I hate the sand, it’s course and gets everywhere"
"The split don't matter at all 
All you need is the Follow these principles 
Work on each muscle twice in a week and about 10-20 sets a week 
Work close to failure. make every set count"
"If you ever feel pathetic, remember there are people like this."
"Protein bars are crazy unsatiating, especially for their amount of protein. And their macros are never that clean; Quest is about as good as it gets, and even those are half fat. I consider them a last resort of convenience. They certainly have their uses; for instance, you can pocket one easily and scarf it down even in the middle of a stand-up shift at work. But I don't happen to need them, and I can't remember the last time I had one."
Well got damn!
Thank you :)
Nah y’all literally spam the same link. This is an actual program and I literally asked about alternative exercises.
"Looking good man, yeah won’t be much further till you’re primed to grow again"
Holy shit
"Well deserved, glad to hear he's won"
"People like to give batman vs Superman shit for being a complete mess of a film but the dark knight rises has even bigger plot hoes

*So he was batman for like a year and then dipped for 8?*

*He just huddled up in his house for almost a decade and then magically gets back into shape by strapping a leg thing on?*

*Why in the name of god didn't anyone in Gotham just you know? Swim? They weren't in the ocean the mainland is literally right there*

*How did Bruce live after dropping the bomb off in the ocean? Assuming he did eject early either he would have been burned from being that close to a fucking nuclear bomb or two how did he get all the way back to shore after ejecting in the ocean? It's not like the above point it clearly shows him in the middle of the Atlantic*

*Ok Bruce just take off with some random theif you've only had maybe like 5 muinets of screentime with and shown zero attraction two up untill the very end. This is perfectly logical*

*The police force magically forgets everything about riot tactics and firearms and just rushes in for a street fight*"
Yes but normal humans do
Lol I did get my bloods last time on no AI and my estrogen was 135 lolll. 4x value
"Yeah my goal physique is 190s very lean at 5'10.5"""
"Aside from the annoying voice, Coach Greg put it best: “what’s most important is that you work harder than you did on your last workout.” (paraphrasing).
Then the other things like macros etc proper calories for goal. Time and consistency really are the most important. If there was a certain rep-range for best results nobody would be doing anything but that. Don’t overthink it, man!
(Work harder can be: more sets per exercise, more reps per set, more weight etc.)"
"Lmfao this comment thread and the mask usage - OP seems like a real treat, I’m sure he’s great to be around in person"
"Do a dropset with good ROM and slow controlled reps, that's being tough in a leg press lol"
I have this dream so frequently. They're so easy to rep out and zero fatigue and you can just keep on going over and over and you wonder why you ever thought it was so hard to pull-up in the first place.
"See im much more efficient at home, i talk to other people in the office"
thanks man will do.
"I have lost some bodyfat on the road to getting shredded. Problem is, now I have some loose skin. Does anyone have any remedies that help with this?"
That link looks super sus
"Thanks man! Yeah I think I've just gained some in the stomach area and in the legs (wasn't appreciable in the pictures but were really lean) so it's quite acceptable. Hope shoulders and triceps start to fill up a bit more, I struggle the most with those fuckers haha."
"Yeah, I frequently walk past women who come out of nowhere to stick there tongues down my throat like the facehuggers from Alien. 

There is nothing you can do, they practically jump on you."
These look more normal. Trying to avoid skulls and huge logos.  Thanks!
God this just keeps getting more and more cringe.
Horrible proportions and piss poor conditioning
Knows how to make the perfect water bread.
6% bf and natty means you look like a holocaust victim
"Yes, I don’t get any PIP from subq but IM is a bit sore the next day"
"Damn that bicep vein looking sick, good luck with the coaching"
probably the worst 30hrs of my life (srs)
"Upper body is looking good, but what about the lower?"
"Cool. The advice you’re likely to get is 500mg test e per week. It’s easy to control estrogen and you know any sides are from test. It’s when you start mixing compounds and changing dosages that you’ll have issues with not knowing what causes what. For AI, 12.5mg of Asin on pin days (pinning every 3 days) usually works well. Pre, mid, and post cycle bloods are a must for a first time. Have nolva on hand if you plan to PCT instead of BNC."
Yeah 100%
I love your body! I am so proud to be gay :D
"He was known for being reckless with his training and being reckless for not following his doctors and coaches advice after those surgeries (like starting to lift heavy immediately after surgeries). To that I will agree that he was an idiot.

Idk what else he's talking about ""not a shred of integrity left"" though. Ronnie has a great legacy with a dose of tragedy."
Thanks a ton! for the elbow to pocket is that on seated rows?
Those are such generous macros haha. Do you work a manual labor / high step job? Are you enhanced?
"All good. It is pretty light, max load on those bars tends to be 48kg, they advertise it as a “50kg barbell weight set”. You’d definitely break the bar if loaded more onto it."
"Not that bad lol but yes, I’m focusing on legs most of all"
But... but i love him
"just curious, where did you get your posing trunks from? been looking for a good pair that has that shiny/wet look"
"Second this, it’s outstanding and also is a great hot cocoa substitute in the winter, their chocolate peanut butter is also good."
I think like anything in the pro league it’s all about genetics. Some dudes just naturally have giant calves and don’t train them. Nick walker never trains calves and look at him lol.
"Nah true, I was hoping to pull 300kg at this year.."
"Crazy the difference between my 6’3 200lbs and your 200 lbs, insane"
"Suck the clit while applying tongue pressure and then move your head back and forth rather than your tongue to prevent tongue cramps, do not do this if you get dizzy easily and don’t forget to breathe. This is real and not joke advice."
"Lose the stache get a haircut and use contact lenses if you have them
By the way the physique is awesome!"
"Yeah man, gotta start somewhere!"
Do you bust massive loads with those as well?
Thank god
"Thanks!! Spending a couple of months doing RDLs did wonders for that, back stays way tighter now."
wow this hits really hard...
Steve Reeves had a wide waist? WTF?
"looks like the usb connected xbox controller is the most mentioned.

i have an hyperx headset and i really like it."
It’s all good brother. I’ve been feeling a lot more like myself lately. Don’t realize how much life is being drained till you’re out of the situation.
"Nice, now I just need to make them bigger! I think it's kinda crazy how different shoulders can look even by just a small difference in insertion points."
Yeah
"Yeah that's true. I was thinking of really dark skinned black people. If that skin color is achievable with mt2, or if there's a genetic limit that stops white people from getting that dark. 

I know this is a weird topic, lol. Just my strange mind being curious. Dosing mt2 high isn't a fun, the nausea is intense (I've accidentally misdoses it 10x once, 1mg instead of 100mcg, or whatever the standard doses are). So maybe that's a limiting factor in itself."
Good decision to prep longer. I'd try to get in more posing practice as well.
Awww am I really that strong to lift up girls 😅😅
Sounds like possible shoulder pain but I've seen some people do it standing/kneeling parallel to the bar &amp; rowing it that way
"How much should I aim to increase my strength by each week?

 I do upper, lower, push , pull and legs each week. Some are 5 x 5 sets and some are 4 x 8. If this week I did 34kg dumbbells on 5x5, next week should I aim for something like 36kg? Also on the exercises where i'm doing 4x8, should I still try to do the weights I managed on 5x5 and then just lower accordingly until I can hit the reps?"
Damn and he could shred guitar too
Looking good man!
"This is that hoodie on, hat brim low, headphones on blast, don't talk to me kind of session."
"Communication with God is important to me but I get your point. Not gonna lie that calmed me down pretty much perfectly, I still feel kinda energetic but not nervous anymore. Thanks a lot!"
I agree. Definitely softer but his structure is damn good. In the Olympia he’ll need to be more dialed in
Bro you are like the twenty second letter of the English alphabet
"Buying home gym equipment is like doing your first cycle.

“Ill just start small and stop after”

6 months &amp; 3000mg of tren later you’re planning your £1000+ home gym in the spare room."
"Should I take creatine or not ?
I have tried creatine twice and did not really feel that I could lift more or looked better taking it than I did without it. I gave it a bottle's worth each time.

Creatine, however, seems to be a godsend for everyone else. My former roommate and I were about the same size, but his arms are like twice the size they were and it only took a semester. This kid my brother went to school with is 2 years younger than me and has only been working out a year and he looks bigger than me who's been working out for over a decade. I also have another friend who's freakingshly large and he looked like he was 100 pounds soaking wet only a few years ago.

Do I need to give creatine another chance and take it longer? It can be disheartening to see others that have worked out for such a shorter amount of time be in better shape than you even after dieting and working out consistently."
Circle of love :) pass the good vibes and they will flow back to you
creatine is wonderous
"Hadi was snubbed at pre judging because he was broadcasting the livestream from his youtube channel, change my mind."
"I appreciate how Nick looks 100% and I don’t want to see an athlete I’ve really enjoyed following die or destroy their physique. Have you not noticed how much his waistline grew and how bloated he was during guest posing with Clarida? Dallas bloated to the point where his abs were almost completely washed and the separation between his abs just kept growing. 

Roelly downsized and took a better approach in recent years and it’s only made him better. Ruhl bloated up and looked like a freak - he was more of a spectacle than a genuine contender. 

Do you honestly think something like this is sustainable? I want to see Nick winning shows into his 30’s. Even Ramy’s transformation took twice as long as Nick’s did. 

Every single part of Nick has grown and his gut has been no exception. It’s not sustainable."
"It seems like he actually enjoys what he’s doing on some level. Let him have that.

You don’t have to enjoy the same things as other people. The fact that he’s studying and you’re not doesn’t reflect poorly on you. You’ve got a 3.4 GPA, you’re good bro. His values aren’t yours and yours aren’t his. The sooner you stop giving a fuck about how other people choose the enjoy their time the sooner you can get rid of all this annoying little irritating feelings that fuck up your enjoyment of your time."
"Bro, you're a tank. Looking good!"
"Whenever a stranger compliments me it's always my arms, i wish they noticed my back or legs since I put most energy on them lol"
I always want to check the reddit discussion threads after each episode but worry about spoilers. Heard people love to spoil it.
oh no
"Jeez man insane structure, huge arms and your waist is small as hell even though you're fluffy. Can't wait to see your stage ready physique"
Not 100% sure but from pics it looks like he’s around 5’5 or 5’6
Cream of rice is so gross to me. 🤢
"No worries. More just laughing at myself when I first read it, I was thinking “oh I didn’t realize Flex Wheeler was into snake oil products “, then realized what you meant"
Great for ur age
Hand stand pushups would work if you have literally no access to anything heavy you could press over your head
Mike Ohearn is a close second behind Rich Piana.
Yeah they opened last week but cbf with the hype. I went this morning at 9:30am and there were already lines and they were frantically cooking to replenish stock
That looks like a great fucking idea. Will definitely give it a try &amp; peddle it to anyone that bugs me about nutrition/training or whatever.
fuck just got popped going 103 km in a 50 km
It’s enough for protein powder and creatine then 😂😂😂
"I absolutely love bodybuilding, but I would be lying if it didn't also exacerbate all the worst parts of my personality."
Aren't quest bars filled with like massive amount of fiber?
Bless you for saying that!! Thank you!
Hopefully this gets brought up on the next Bro Chat haha.
Yeah I mean depending on where your running is now I don't think the upper body will be an issue regardless of the intensity as long as your diet is in check and supports all the activity. Leg volume is another story. I would decide on a running plan based on when your race date is or just for when you plan on accomplishing it that works for your style and then kinda drop in the leg days as you see fit depending on how you're feeling.
"That's great man, keep up that attitude through your adult life and you'll go far in the corporate world!"
How tall? 6'3? Insane core
"Hey brother, I just shared your ""5-year"" post once again.

What did you decide on the job and the bulk?"
Nice! You're looking lean AF giving hope to the vegetarian/vegan among us.
My body isn't capable of pooping with such frequency.
My goodness there is so much going on here I can’t even begin
"Nah, man"
"Clean your room first, then focus on getting cut."
I’ll use this. Thanks!
whenever your muscles are strong enough to lift 225
nice
Dude fucked up not once but twice. He ain't coming back from this. He totally fucked that surgery and pec up now. Should of took a year off and REST AND RECOVERED. Im all for movement is key but any physiotherapist/doctor telling him it was ok to do so much movement in such a short little time from a completely torn pec is insane. Slow is better sometimes.
"Oh Lordy, that Marine is real special. When I worked at a movie theater in my teens, we had an E1 right out of training come in for a date wearing his dress uniform. Some vet gave him a gentle but thorough ass chewing to never do that again haha."
"I like reverse crunches with a dumbbell between my feet, means you can drop set an work super easily."
"Take the wolf that thinks curls are boring, and feed him to the one that wants you to have big biceps. Then breed the biceps wolf and sell his offspring to idiots in the comments section of a Greg Doucette Youtube video."
"Wow, how have I watched family guy for this many years and not seen this"
Lmao fr. What’re you talking about
jezz whar do u eat lol
"Ohh duh, thanks"
"Again, we are talking about serious lifters here. People who are actively trying to get stronger in their training. 315 is not ""incredibly difficult"", idk what to tell you. 405 is ""incredibly difficult"" and probably beyond the ability of the average lifter, not 315.

For the average lifter who just fucks around in the gym, who I suspect is who you are talking about, 225 is probably tough for them. That doesn't mean 225 is notable whatsoever for serious lifters. 

You have to go down to the -145 class for a 315 bench to even be relevant, I would not consider that an ""incredibly difficult"" achievement for the average serious lifter.

Again, it's ok to have low standards but it's not ok to use them to accuse others of being disingenuous."
Stores card for energy drinks??
Fuck man as I’m leaning out I’m starting to think I might have Gyno. Feel like absolute garbage man
In your dreams!
Do it. Youll be tired from your workout so you’ll probably get to sleep just fine
that subreddit sure is interesting
Lmao
Rice cakes!! Literally like air bro
Yeah I’ve seen it. With all this organic vs non organic talk I’ve done research on every dairy product out there to figure out which organic ones are actually decent with macros
Definitely will check those out. Easy to find?
"most glaring weakness: posing

it takes time, get a posing coach asap :)

Looking good !"
I really need some help. I’m trying to Lean bulk I’m F5’10 78KG and currently eating 3300 calories a day. I’m not seeing much progress have been doing this for three months my Apple Watch shows my Total burn for the day is always about 3100. Am i not eating enough for a lean bulk? I walk about 14 steps a day and have a semi active job. Any help greatly appreciated. Lifting 3-4 times a week.
"Can I get some help? I just graduated college with a degree I have no particular interest in(Information Systems) and now I feel stuck af at my retail job. 

I make 20 an hour and all the intro positions that I see for my degree are also 20 an hour so I don't know if I should pursue those or just work my way up in retail?  Shits really chill but damn I feel like I really fucked up my life picking this degree and don't really know what to do, like is my only real option working retail my whole life?

https://i.imgur.com/Ua870DU.png this is my resume if anyone can help me out, tried to fluff it up as much as I could to make me sound like I actually have skills"
He freaked out while hack squatting cause other people were fooling around and talking loudly. Acted like he owned the place and threatened to go “outside”.
"Awesome, thanks again!"
"And yet, he's dead at near the same age a ton of iconic bodybuilders died"
its strange that i can only get exactly 6 hours. do you think this hinders my recovery?
"Probably an important preface, I can't have my phone at work :/"
"Sounds like a mature approach! Age is an important factor but even more than that IMO is learning what works best for your body, nailing your training and diet and getting to that point where gains start being slow. 

Also as you already suppose, once you do one cycle you'll most likely end up doing more so it implies some kind of commitment to this haha."
Lol. The first time I tried it I couldn't believe it. It felt like I had taken nothing at all.
"Is it okay to do pushups daily on top of doing chest (bench, incline etc.) twice a week? Is there enough recovery here for the average person?"
That's sad but entirely accurate
Presumably because it looks like he wants to kill himself and is only barely managing to badly hide that fact after the whole incident and split with Tom
The girl from mad tv?
Great ready for all the new-years resolutors crowding the gym for the coming month.
10/10 post. Amazing mate the physique and the treats
"Unfortunately it’s not that easy. It’s an eating disorder known as Night Eating Disorder. Basically sleep walking but eating. Thanks for trying to help though, but I’m looking for a bit more in depth tips."
Maybe a dumb question but if you still have DOMS does that mean your muscles aren't fully recovered
"Yes sir! I’m a drummer and toured with a jazz group for a few years! I’m mainly a rock/metal drummer for set as well as a history of marching percussion, but man jazz is an absolute blast. Very much a “feel based” approach.

Edit: WHAT THE FUCK /u/WalnutBlast you literally copied that shit from an earlier post I made answering a similar question."
Yea definitely my technique needs a lot of refinement for sure. Still trying to learn leg drive lol
I mean that's still pretty crazy! Much better than I can do right now. Congrats!
"Honestly, you look incredible! Keep up the good work!"
"Its fucking awesome imo, its the chest/back day thats the absolute bitch."
Thanks I’ll try playing around with the angles. I only do RDLs so I don’t go heavy at all with them I’ll throw some heavy dead’s in too.
Her personality (or lack thereof) and/or her being boring shouldn't be what makes or breaks a relationship. Before going any further you need to ask her if you may pick up her scent to judge if you two would be a match. Start there and the rest will fall in place.
Seriously. Intentional tension will make you grow. Stop doing exercises where you can’t create tension in the primary muscle you’re trying to target. Move on. Find a movement that makes your muscle feel like its gonna pop and you’ll grow.
"Steve is my pick. Best genetics in Classic, just needs to dial in another 10-15%"
"Could,would, should, I hate these 3 ,lets revisit when he does."
"You sure like telling people to shut up, what will you do if I don’t? They don’t disagree, not only that, but any bro that hasn’t read a single study but has experience running drugs like boldenone can tell you what happens to your blood. As I said, you simply aren’t knowledgeable enough about the topic."
"I've noticed the same shit, 0 porn on all when it used to be titty city"
Anybody got the fitmencook app? Is it worth the 4 bucks?
Why the fuck god have to give me no gag reflex and my girl a super sensitive gag reflex. Life ain’t fair
"ppl on a cut, when do you lower cals again? obviously when you stop losing weight, but is there a certain amount of time I should wait to be sure im not lowering too soon?"
Then you gave him bad advice. You gotta buy the 200lb dumbbells and just look at them every day to remind yourself that you can't lift them and need to do your daily pushups.
"Lol, when your ""sport"" is so dead you have to make news out of anything, good or bad."
It's annoying spending 2+ hrs in the gym on the first 2 days. It's a very different program then anything else I have run.
"Tfw pool party with coworkers on June 11th

Who’s got the link to the comment of bro who went on a full prep for his work BBQ that ended up getting canceled lmfao"
"Thanks for the feed back.. so spreading my feet further apart would increase glute activation or it would also activate my quads more also? It sounds silly but when I squat I think I’m my head “to the moon, we’re going to the moon” lol for some reasons that helps me up.. must just distract me for enough time to get through the burn."
"6+ miles a day. 

Its not. Well the eating isn't. The training sucks after a while."
"Idk man I don’t have a kid but I only lasted about 4 years with the bodybuilding lifestyle: leaving the gym dripping in sweat, perfect macros, not drinking, sleeping 7-8 hours. I know some people can sustain that long term but after awhile I just got burnt out. If you just want to look good instead of step on stage 50% effort gets 80% of the results. 

I was pretty happy with how I looked after those 4 years so I’ve spent the next 4-5 years just maintaining. Lower intensity gym sessions (which are much more enjoyable to me), more days off, occasionally drinking, making sure I get enough protein but being more lenient on my diet, and not doing extreme bulks/cuts where I swing 30 lbs in a few months. Pretty much maintained the exact physique I had so it’s working out. I still enjoy lifting and would never stop, but I can’t center my life around bodybuilding anymore"
does he bring a duffel full of towels lol? theres older guy with lifting gloves at my gym who talks to every girl in there every single day
No HARD feelings
Absolutely that. The discomfort of being weaker in any way would be greater than the discomfort of having to get that 5th meal in. I just wanted to know if any regular lifters out there are absolutely sick of eating 5k calories of clean food just to maintain their mass. I agree I sounded miserable and whiny and I probably should have phrased it better.
"If you can, have a shake with EAAs and dextrose to sip throughout your workout."
"I’m a noob and when I started lifting I was average strength ~20-22% bf. I plan to lean bulk until a couple months before next summer then cut until and through summer. Will 5lbs a month do that for me? I was thinking 10 but then I’d be obese in about 3 months. Is that a good plan? Will I build a lot of muscle doing that? Also, what if I go over my 5lb goal? Do I cut back till I’m at the 5lbs? Or put on less the next month? I think I wouldn’t be much heavier because of muscle since I think I’ll build a uniform amount of muscle every month, it’ll just be because I hit up the Golden Corral buffet one too many times."
"I disagree, but I think we feel the same but word it differently: videogames became more and more about a business. Cyberpunk is such a great example. They cut SO much, and left so much unfinished because they had to please people who aren’t game designers but run the company or invest money. People WANT to make games with charm and you can see the charm, but often a lot of the charm gets left on someone’s desktop unfinished. 

Then there’s games like assassins creed which are literally a timeline of how video games lose charm. The first one was a groundbreaking cool idea totally unique and awesome for its time. Then some boss saw it made money and it’s been the same garbage over and over. But you can literally see that the designers not in charge are trying their best to make it into art but the company isn’t letting them. 


 Video games used to not be some mega industry and were driven by passionate designers."
Unfortunately that’s the majority of us working normal jobs I’m afraid. 6-6 would be a short day for me. Any later than that and gym motivation is wrecked.
Tiny ass is sad
"Why not both 


But yes I agree with you"
"first shot was fine. second shot wrecked me after 12 hours. you can definitely workout after the shot, but the next day you should just rest."
Interesting lats I’ve never seen such a low angle on insertion. They almost insert horizontally
well concrete is a solid so it cannot leak
Wesley Vissers is a clean eater and respects the food he eats and talks about it a lot
Lol I've had days on bulk where I'm supersetting squats with trips to the restroom. Those reps just squeeze it all out like toothpaste. Granted sometimes it's a false alarm but better safe than soiled.
Have you tried holding the top of the bar? Above the weights
I get your girlfriend wet like wrinkled clothes
You know what the best topper for hot chocolate is? Marshmallows....then became the greatest figure of fitness of all time....besides the point!
I do it like 1-2x per week and just refresh my curls with Deva Curl Mister Right in the morning. Silk pillow case is a must for this!
"Wow you’re right, that is all you’re sayin."
"hope it works out for you, good luck!"
"Easy cardio though. Normally my fitbit reads 4000kcal burnt at 10pm, and I had hit it at 3pm yesterday."
"Fuck me, do none of you know what deloads are?"
"I've been getting super bad nosebleeds every morning for about four days straight and it's kinda starting to worry me.

Every day at somewhere between 4-6 AM I get a nosebleed that lasts 10-20 minutes, what do y'all think is goin on"
Keep Cutting.
Anyone else find they have their worst workouts on Fridays? I'm sure it's due to being tired from the week. I train Monday-Saturday and usually Saturday is fine because I can sleep in.
"Jesus that is crazy, do you do accessories on top of that?"
"But clearly, no one is even watching bodybuilding anymore. The biggest event is held at a hotel convention center. There's no shots of the crowd anymore, I bet you can guess why. It's honestly rather sad. Take away friends and family, how many people are even at the Olympia?"
Absolutely not getting that card. Looks silly
"Nice bro, great chest! Do you like dragons?"
11 PM and 800 calories to go. This shit is easy
"Not to complain about free porn but man some of those girls in the porn subreddits are so uncreative.

""I hope more than ten people see this"" - with thousands of upvotes

""Just want to see how many of you would fuck me"" -  posted by a beautiful woman spreading her butt cheeks

It wouldn't be that bad but so many of them use the same exact titles.

🙄"
idk about that one. 16 oz in a lb. that's base 16 dog
Does anyone know of any supplements like Somatomax without the HGH? I can’t take HGH because of ncaa but I like the sleep and relaxing quality of Somatomax.
"yeah brian is a big dumb goo goo... for real, i really followed him closely, but even when he talks in edited videos its just ah, uhm, mm, uhm... cant even complete a sentence without those pauses..."
Hahaha bruh!!!!! 😂😂😂💀 I just died hahaha thanks thanks 💪🏾💪🏾
Funnily enough that’s what I recommended for him last night lmao. Also hugz /u/Reuslan :)
Hmm kinda hard to know tho
"You realize there at least like 4 pros that are on this sub and a lot more that are National level
Competitors. He looks really good but please stop with the “he looks better than everyone here” 
he doesn’t"
Is it okay to do heavy weights for the subbed exercise 🤔? Ex. 3x5 Kettle bell squats instead of barbell squats?
"Yeah, lifting correctly, eating right, sleeping well, and maintaining higher-end natty levels of test (through TRT if necessary) are incredibly healthy. It's the extreme cuts and bulks and the MASSIVE levels of juice that are terrible for you."
"Yeah, forgot to clarify that. Those squats were no half or quarter squats, those were atg weightlifting squats with really good form in my opinion"
Is he still banned from IFBB?
"Lower your delt closer to the judges and lean your upper body towards the cam. Having the further delt higher than the closer one will create a nice taper between your waste and shoulders.

Also stand up taller, not sure how tall you are, but your quads/hams arent developed enough to squat at that angle for this pose. Maybe look at standing with a trailing calf for this pose and the side tricep, like how Dorian/Hunter Labrada would hit it."
Honestly when the manga was first being translated the /fit/ threads about it was wild. Truly a wonderful time every chapter was posted.
Winning?
"https://youtu.be/_RoTLx6rgsE
I have no idea how this pertains to the conversation other than Michael Jackson and it still cracks me tf up"
Can caffeine pills help me in staying lean??
Now to fake interest in herbal life.
thanks man
"If they come in the same condition or better, then yes"
"I mean, that sounds horrible"
nah they did studies on this recently and if your body already has side effects it has already mounted an immunal response. Your immune system is much more complex anyway that taking ibuprofen won't stop your antibody creation
Not Worried in the least bit about any silly downvotes...thank you for you support.
Probably a little jealous because that's when I wish I started.
"Yes - it's still pretty much a roman statue like look in all of those. The  behind the curtains reasoning likely is ""you train and you grow"" type. So once you fill (or.... Enhance...) your weight limit you jump to the next one. Believe me or not, Im life long natty so I was excited when they introduced games cbb in 2017 (I believe). 

Classic physique is perhaps a tad different, it's like small aspiring bodybuilders (usa, Instagram legends, some formers bb's Actually downsized to fit in) mixed with some big classics (2021 Euro Champ was looking like the latter, mainly due to stricter ""written"" anti doping rules)."
"My wife and kids are the real inspiration behind starting my IG page. At 51 yrs old I’d love nothing more to inspire anyone with a passion for Bodybuilding. I’m posting all my off-season and pre-contact workouts, diet, Homegym equipment reviews and training videos in an effort to simply give back. Have a great weekend. My page link…

https://www.instagram.com/p/CVXsBRALZt4/?utm_medium=copy_link"
You know you're good when people pretend to be you.
hope you find it soon!
"I fux with pork chops pretty frequently.  It's a farrier meat, but still fits my macros.  I'm grilling some up tonight 🙂"
My 21 inch arms and 38 inch waist would like a word with you
"Been cutting since February and today was the first time really feeling the fatigue, been tired and sleepy all day after the gym"
"Primo/var/adrol/halo I’m sure would have you looking comp ready. Hard and full, and broke lmao. Are you competing this year??"
Push Pull methodology is the most efficient way to train. Do a press followed by a pull.
"For those in combat sports, why the hell do I smell so much worse after an hour of Muay Thai than I do an hour and a half weight lifting. I sweat a lot after the gym as well but I don't smell as bad. It's weird."
"along with all the other [fitness shit i've bought](https://i.imgflip.com/3btxsp.jpg) just ordered it

edit: hope this increases my height so im not 5 foot nothing"
Will do my friend
"Back looks great . Arms and shoulders good . 
Maybe focus some on lats and chest . And a little bit of core workout"
"Thank you, mrNas11, for voting on Reddit-Book-Bot.

This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://botrank.pastimes.eu/).

***

^(Even if I don't reply to your comment, I'm still listening for votes. Check the webpage to see if your vote registered!)"
Yeah lol...I sometimes wish I can go back to when I weighed 147 lbs and maintenance was 2400 calories. Life was much easier then and I was never as tired as I am now; but lifting is the only thing I am good at and it gives me my confidence. I have gone periods of not lifting for 3 weeks and I have felt the illusion of losing all my muscle.
We are truly living in worst case ontario. FUCK DOUG FORD
"Your fav hamstring exercises?

Love a RDL, even some nordics"
"I like flex more, wider and just insane roundness everywhere"
"Yeah, I, haven't got enough muscle to cut but my body dysmorphia makes it a tough choice between cutting or bulking. Last couple weeks I tried to maintain/lean bulk to get some mental rest."
Lmao literally do yes. Had to get a small surgery for possible skin cancer there and was left with that!
Lookin like a sexy fruit punch popsicle 😜😜
Oooh good to know!
"Structure is great, overall presence is very classic, however Cbum has more detail, so I don't think he ever loses to him at 100%"
Better than nothing
You’re gonna flex out bro calm down
"
&gt;	Kinda like how the rhetoric is that anyone who trusts experts that have dedicated their career to the science is a “sheep” and doesn’t “think for themselves”, right?

No man, I don’t believe in that. I’m sorry if it came across that way.

I’m not even of a political party, I hate them all. And yes, tucker Carlson is a dumbass

I’m not calling people sheep, but I do think they are too trusting. There’s a lot of unethical things that go on in the medical industry and politics. I put nothing past them."
i think you misunderstood
In the lower categories yes. But like you said it shifts pretty heavily to conventional for the higher classes.
King shit
"His blood pressure is one thing though, his heart health is another"
Agreed. I’m really shocked people hate his physique when it definitely reminds me of Jay
But the truly really true fans carefully double check to make sure autocorrect didn't disrespect the Dr like that because he deserves the best
Idk what this means but sounds like u guys have a handle on everything so I wish you well
Dude I have no idea how good it's gonna feel to do squats without a mask. I've been wearing a mask the whole time I've been lifting.
"Thanks for replying, lot of investment to be in competitor shape but im sure it is worth it. You look great man, wishing you the best"
"Which ones do you find have the best taste? Never really got into the individual sweeteners, just used various sauces/syrups, but sometimes I just want a little sweetness without the added flavorings from those things"
"I would like to know this as well lol. I'm currently on an overreaching phase of my bench program (4th day this week of low volume), so naturally I enter each workout with slight fatigue and tightness regardless of how well I warm up and mobilize. Around 9 hours hours ago, I was benching and felt my left pec and shoulder pop back into the bench and to my shock all of the fatigue vanished and shoulder has felt stronger than ever. Pec however feels discomfort when flexing really hard, so taking a break from pressing for 2 weeks and rehabbing. I have no idea if it's a tear as the whole area feels much better."
I think one whole Chicken is like 1200 calories but if you can fit in 1000 calories of fair life chocolate milk every day. Its got like a one to one carb protein ratio so thats sick.
"Shit, I need to try that. Looks great"
Looks ridiculous for 41
"Or, hear me out....people be joking"
I would of gave you my number too you sexy fuck😏. But seriously post breakup people shoot their shot left and right.
Don’t forget slin and HGH
"Who cares if they're wearing masks, dude? Why do you care?

In some other countries (like Korea/Japan), it isn't weird at all to wear a mask on say public transit, or wear a mask if you have a cold as common courtesy.

Maybe the person wearing a mask lives with someone at risk? Maybe they aren't comfortable not wearing a mask yet and are waiting for vaccination rates/case counts to go down to a level they are comfortable with? Hell, maybe they aren't vaccinated!

Who gives a shit"
You can hate a sex and still be sexually attracted to them.
"I mean I want to give y'all some solid offseason updates with some info but not allowed
So when noone is prepping it'll be quiet for a while"
Lmfaoo you’re a moron.
It’s funny to see at bodybuilding events. Even the dudes working the front counters are like 220 jacked
LMFAO
"You look like Borat &amp; jay cutler had a baby.

For real though good job on the body. That takes alot of work. Im jealous.if you see a barber. Youll be the man. Later."
Was gonna hit legs but my knee is hurt &amp; swollen from a misstep. :c
"If you have any questions or curious about anything I’ve tried feel free to shoot me a DM , and love the username , best of luck !"
"I always feel better at the gym, or after the gym, but i never feel better after being drunk. Lifts tonight are in your honor, thanks for helping me &amp; i hope i can return the favor"
Every day I wake up a little lonelier and hornier than the day before and it can stop any day now
Impressive natural physique!
And yet you were retarded enough to think this was a good post...
The words I wished to speak myself. Horrible. I didn't like the bearded Reeves at all. More of that classic young Reeves with the hot pants. Hot damn...... r/SuddenlyGay
Did you ever tell your knock knock joke man? Did I miss it??
“Usually trained” - “30-45 rep range” man wtf
Yeah I’ll take that L
Victory laps FTW. I think I got more out of that last year than any other.
Gross
I always find it sad when I see kids be impatient and hop on gear because they don't want to put in the hard work to achieve a solid natural base.
I've never had any supplement taste good minus redcon eaas mixed with Gatorade power
I love Huel
YUMMY FUCKING SNACK
"Fuck kai. He was entertaining but at this point the dude is basically doing 3 things: shilling his 69 books for just 3.50 limited time offer, cross dressing and posting cryptic messages before the Olympia and let his fan base speculate whether he is competing or not"
"you weigh 140lbs and you're giving people nutrition advice man....

/u/adikshith471 you do need to worry about carbs and fat

carbs = performance

fats = hormone regulation 

Protein = more is better and doesn't hurt

carbs = 1.5g~2g times your body weight 

fats = 50g~70g"
Good you?
"Love our old English bulldog.

https://i.imgur.com/hTnUQDL.jpg"
I do! Should I continue to post progress ?
i took 25mg and I got the worst headaches of my life
This! Air fried fries are the best lmao
Don't be sad. Here's a [hug!](https://media.giphy.com/media/3M4NpbLCTxBqU/giphy.gif)
"Sucks man. Doing dad shit is hard, but you also need to make time to take care of yourself, if you're fucked up everyone around you is fucked up too."
My dream physique! With the best smile in the business!
why the fuck do you think they get drafted?
Problem is this is the only time Danny ever came in shape. And he competed in the Ifbb over a span of 4 different decades so he had a lot of shots. But shit he was balanced and genetically gifted minus the height
Oh thank you. Appreciate it.
I used to fuck guys like you in high school you little twink
yeah if you wanna keep muscle
Lol and whats your reason for being here?
"Thoughts on EHP labs and ghost supplements?

Thinking of trying one of those out rather than my usual Mr protein but I'm not sure"
"Warm up properly, don’t do 1RM lifts that you know you can’t do"
Holy fuck
You said cost effective
"If you’re lacking motivation, get a tan during the summer. Holy shit it really enhances the fuck out of your physique. Try getting 2-3 hours of sun during the weekends. Summer truly is a glorious season!"
Man. Your side chest. Damn
Dude is a fucking dwarf monster haha
"Considering I sometimes go at times I hate JUST to see the gorgeous tall redhead girl, I’d say better"
"I got mine two days ago as well, zero sides excluding the shoulder soreness from the shot."
"I get frustrated when people don’t take these things seriously. You go to the gym to work out, otherwise why bother? You wear a mask properly, otherwise why bother? Makes it worse when you do/study both things professionally."
"I have no will power to read any article fear mongering or romanticising steroids because both talking points are garbage

being a natural human with a shit diet, terrible quality of life, and not living an active lifestyle is just as bad as someone abusing aas"
"Dude ok I actually I have the same issue I had a full Christmas tree, an eight pack, and fucking cross striations in my legs. No striated glutes so i would say around 6-7% and I only had some biceps veins. Some people just have this weird thick skin. I don’t think he is 5% but it is possible that he could have little to no vascularity"
Bro. I’m at the gym at 5a. Get your ass in gear
"Dang man. Getting better and better every day. It sounds cheesy, but your discipline inspires me. I am also in the process of dieting and making gains and it gets rough, but it's always good to see someone doing it. Best of luck man."
Amazing everything from him. Very aesthetic.
"I’m completely natural and proud of it, and also have nothing but love for enhanced athletes."
Fucking “distance education fee”. Like really bro? You’re gonna charge extra for people to NOT come to an actual facility?
yeah Dereks structure is overwhelming.
"Get the pride foods brand cream of rice. It isn't fortified with any of that shit.

Or make your own."
"Idk, he's decently strong, but he's also a huge guy. A 150 pound man benching 315 with impeccable form is waaay more impressive to me.

Keep in mind I've been a strength trainer for 10+ years and could leg press over 1000 pounds raw (with knee wraps) back when I coached high school football.

My body's not the same anymore (got bad knees and a bad back), but that's the price of leg pressing world class weight. Not many guys can claim to have felt over 1000 pounds on their bodies, but then again, I'm not exactly most people lol. Just food for thought."
Thank you
Impressive jump in muscle mass. Great job!
"I want to just start replying with ""Hmmm... sounds like cancer.""  I'd be the webmd of the DD."
Ok
Well Do whatever fits yours goals the best.
we're just gonna set that bar real low huh.
"The best hangover breakfast is water, grilled fish, salad, and a multi vitamin. Worked every time."
"I think I've been converted to low volume, higher intensity with intensifies tacked on the back off sets. This is the most fun I've had training in a while."
Hahaha understandable!
"Fuck I love this machine, this and the Atlantic pec dec are 2 of the smoothest machines ive used, Arsenal plate loaded pec fly also fucks if anyone gets the chance to use it !"
My man knows what’s important. Gotta respect it. #themop 😩❤️‍🔥
"The upper/lower split is a great routine in my opinion. I reluctantly switched to it from PPL to get more rest time. Going into I thought it was going to be a downgrade, but 3 months in and I have to say I was wrong. Absolutely love the split and feel that it is extremely balanced in terms of frequency, volume, and rest."
Pls go
wow very strong man visit now [https://www.lovelcute.com](https://www.lovelcute.com) you can get more ideas for health and fitness really I like bodybuilding and natural look. thank you stay home...
"It was a gift! [It was this exact set](https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B07YDDM7G6/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_fabc_.o2bGbZM7N1P5), in case you ever get in the market for one."
Lol. Fuck off if you believe that
The best part about this is you absolutely can be if you stretch sometimes. Took me a while but I can kick over my own head these days.
What the fuck 17????
"i’ve basically developed a shitty relationship with food after 7 months of taking lifting seriously. i’ve been skinny all my life and decided to bulk, still am bulking but i can’t do it anymore. i hate eating in general, all my favorite foods i hate, anything that i used to consider a comfort food i also now hate. starting to think maybe bodybuilding isn’t for me and i should just stay skinny. just a rant here cause i don’t want to show the ppl around me that i’m struggling."
"Yeah I get that but still very nice to hear, I recently started doing higher reps and focusing more on form and I feel waaay better, hope you have a nice day man :)"
Nah probably right after work since it's more on the way home than out of the way. I'll have a 20cminute break around 1:30 to get a decent meal in and I'll have a whey shake like pre-intra too. Gonna suck for a while but it'll be worth it.
"I think u may have worms, they’ll steal ur gains pupper"
Sheeesh. You got a bright future ahead if you stick with it.
I disagree with anyone who puts Ramy below Jay
Thank you!
"Definitely go check that out, for me it was only palpations, but I don't think anyone here can give you medically correct advice here."
"Nice work.  Can you go into your diet, workout, supplements at the time of the before pic and then leading up to the second?"
"Yeah, disc herniation 2 years ago is acting up, I think it’s bulging at the moment."
Thanks!
Cringe. Work on your self esteem and confidence.
"Ok, I’m starting to see based on this photo comparison, why everyone is so hype about this “mutant” which I think is a very apt name. I can see much deeper cuts and definition. Now maybe I’m not as “gay” as y’all (but I’m pretty gay lol) but I’m just trying to understand from a “layman’s aesthetics” point of view, and as a woman and an artist that loves the human form and great peeps like Frank Frazetta, (also involved in the body building world). 

So from my perspective the other guy on the left looks “more attractive” to me. Like the smoothness and full fill in his pecs is so much nicer than this cut on Nick. However I can see how being able to see a clearer connection from the pecs to the deltoid would be appealing to judges where the other dude has this sort of cleavage thing going on with his pits. 

But, as a female who’s merely fascinated, mutant isn’t .... mmm so fuckable pretty roflmao..: (like ok maybe monster CNC I can see lol, I can get into that fetish) but over all I’m kinda digging the other guy. I also notice I like classic physique and these vintage shots from the 1970s. Like Arnold. Arnold has some beautiful bewbs. So nice. So full.

So what’s up with that? I’m sure this isn’t the first time y’all have heard some of these things.

- sincerely that random chick following the BB board"
Awesome! Y'all look great.
Oh okay got it. I will go look in that thread. Im concerned with taking it and then my natural state degressing from what it is pre anavar. If that’s the case then I would rather stay natural. If that makes sense.
"Yeah I haven’t itched at all and it’s going away a little bit, I’m no longer immobile when I feel it so that’s good. 


I got like 3 hours of sleep lmao"
"Reading these DDs makes me kinda sad man... Everyones lifes just seem to be going as normal, whereas where I live gyms are still closed and has been for like 6 months straight now. There's still 1 more month before they're scheduled to open back up, but with how the government has handled things so far I just have a feeling they'll extend things even further. Mental and physical health has just gone to absolute shit over the past year man"
"Hopefully not on Egyptian history LOL! Talk about distraction!

Anyway good luck!"
Appreciate the reply. What exactly is incorrect with my posture that needs fixing? I know I have some anterior pelvic tilt but I’m not sure if you were referring to that or something else.
"I mean I was vegan for 2 years, so first hand experience.

Very restrictive, poor protein quality (also quantity, well, you can eat a lot (a lot) but your digestive system will eventually give up), lack of nutrients (namely retinol, b12, creatine, taurine, cholesterol, no good quality calcium) --- I could go on for a while, do you need more Bud?"
Will I lose muscle if I go down in weight to perfect form?
"You look amazing bro, what's your weight and height?"
"Will do. I'm just a sucker for caramel anything really, so I'm a little bias there."
"If you think it's possible to gain muscle at a rate of 52 lbs a year, even on steroids, you're a major sucker and your gym scammed you."
"Never, but it's really too bad he got hurt so much. He's taller than cbum and could have been insane at full stage weight. Personality aside, he could have been crazy if he took it more serious and never got hurt Imo."
Sounds good. Gonna try it out starting Monday p
Yeah I think the adductors are well developed but they are high. Kinda like his calves
Ok
"To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand bodybuilding. The gains are extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the exercises will go over a typical gym-goers head. There's also Arnold's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from the Encyclopedia of Modern Bodybuilding, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the physical capacity to truly appreciate the depths of squats, to realize that they're not just muscles - they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike bodybuilding truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in Zyzz's existential catchphrase ""We're all gonna make it"" which itself is a cryptic reference to working out. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Eugen Sandow's genius fortitude unfolds itself inside their gyms. What fools.. how I pity them. 😂

And yes, by the way, i DO have a dumbbell tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they're within 5lb of my deadlift PR (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 😎"
Yes
Dude looking like George Kittle but somehow even more of a beast
Yeah get the gyno fixed. Your very lean so it will very noticeable and judges will knock you. Also if you start to cycle more and more it’s only going to get worst. Not sure if any AI / Serms can help at this point to reverse.
we both win we made people laugh
Kill your lifts for Harambe today everyone.
"You may want to check out VAERS. There's been plenty of really bad adverse reactions to the vaccine including death. For these people with horrible reactions, it's usually must worse than the virus. I had a close friend of mine who just got her booster shot and she had literally insane side effects from it the night she got it. I can honestly tell they seriously freaked her out and she says she doesn't plan on getting the vax again. My family and I have all had the virus and I'm sorry to disappoint the scare mongers, but it was not scary in the slightest. Some of these family members of mine are quite up there in age as well."
Nice troll
He looked like shit in 212
I still want to know if rangersfan is his brother
Yeah this is purely my opinion but I’d imagine you would have a stronger or a weaker reaction if you previously had COVID
"Great physique with a good amount of attention. HOWEVER, you still require more size before considering a run at a pro card.
Especially from the rear, more lower lat and trap density along with triceps needing some attention. Not to mention you need to be leaner"
Holy FUCK dog u look phenomenal bro legit go kill that show
"Wrong sub my dude. This is the competitive bb sub. Try r/gym or r/fit or smth? To answer your question all of Jeff’s programs are very “powerbuildy”, kind of a hybrid between strength and aesthetics. You don’t need to do 6 a week as a beginner IMO, you can do PPL in 5 days in a week with 6 different training days (so you do each workout every 8 days or so).

Generally don’t worry about specifics of programming as a beginner. Nuances of programming make a 5% difference. Get your form down, train hard, eat well, be consistent, worry about specifics later"
Franco won when his physique wasn't half as good as in his prime and he had terrible gyno as well. Most people believe one of Danny Padilla or Franco Columbu should've won.
That’s Awful rip
Bolthouse Farms Ranch is a godsend
This is the take I agree with the most
Beef from a pressure cooker has been my go to lately. Done in 30 mins and soo good
"A good personality?  

What's your preferred lift for improving that?  

Also, got a sets and reps scheme to follow?"
"You are just standing straight up, not showing legs, and standing with feet parallel. You need to start from the ground, put one foot back and raise the heel to flex the quad/hamstring. Toes pointed slightly out, lean back flare lats, and once the lats are fully flared, arch your back into the pose. Almost want to think about forming a curve with your spine. What this does is showcases the thickness of your back, pops the erectors, and with your lats fully flared you have the optimal v-taper you are going to have"
"yeah she wanted me to go and see her again last night, didn't even respond to that lol"
Honestly man I've been working on it my entire life. You guys might think im an asshole but I don't think I've done anything the deserve this kind of attention in a long time. I dont delete my accounts because of embarrassment or ridicule like some people seem to think. I do it because I know I can be a dick when im feeling like shit and deleting my account is the only way to keep it from getting to this sub. I do the same shit irl. If im not posting im probably completely isolated from people
Is he polish? I swear polocks have ridiculous calfs. Source: a polock with ridiculous calfs. . Im a woman and my calfs are almost as big as my thighs
They look better than you though
"Man it's finally good to see someone actually ready for a show. 95%of the posts in this sub are terrible. People with poor proportions, bad conditioning and even worse posing. I know we all need to start somewhere but people can't take feedback when you tell them an area they can improve on. You sir look great and your poses are nice and comfortable. Hammies quads all look conditioned and most importantly you have 7 weeks to still being it in, nice and slow you keep you size. Congrats. Only thing I can say is maybe more width and thickness on your back but overall you look great."
His cock
Thank you!
"Yes, screw our freedom?"
"Can any bros recommend some good tanks that are stringer-esque from the front. Like more revealing on the chest and front/sides, but doesn’t have the stringer y-back?  Not a fan of the stringer y-back crap but do be liking how stringers look from the front tbh"
The dude should put the tan solution on his face as well as his body!
Great job!
"You look amazing, you have a bright future!"
"Been a week since my surgery and just curious if it's normal for my hand to be still swollen? Definitely gone down a bit, but still pretty puffy"
Like from India?
You’re an idiot. I’m not allowed to go below parallel on squats and not allowed to go knees to arm pits on the leg press. Go ahead and take restrictions I’ve complained about as proof I don’t know what I’m doing. Also please take the trash out and get the fuck off my social media.
33 5ft 8 190 pounds.  Been cutting on keto so I feel I look pretty deflated despite being 190. I hold a lot of weight in my legs on top of that.  Anyways how terrible am I doing fam?http://imgur.com/a/MkQzGdw
Lol trust I know exactly what your trying to say.  I agree it looks good when done proper.
"For the last 2-3 years I've focused fully on my relationship, my puppy, school and making sure the economics add up as best as they can. Had no time or money for BB, so I just cruised on shit food and no expectations for myself. Went up 45lbs, but I ate some good fucking food doing so so no regrets.

I finished my studies last summer, but my city has been in lockdown since then, as well as the gym chains. Finally this week they opened up again. Been working out every day and getting back to dieting to get back in shape. Excited for more noobgains as I cut away most of this fat I packed on.

What's even more epic is my decisions fully paid off. I'm renting a decent place in downtown \[city\], I make enough to save aggressively for buying a house in the future, and I make almost double what I did in my old job. My old job was also part-time in healthcare, so I had to fill in shifts to make the economics add up back then, but now in IT I just chill. I know exactly which hours I work, I can flex them around if I need, and I make sick cash compared to the high-stress shit I had before.

I'm fat as fuck, I'm small and I'm weak -- But I made it, brahs. The rest is just diet and weights."
"I got deja vu reading this. I'm pretty sure i've seen someone else ask this before lmao

But yeah, it's just his abs."
"holy fuck looking like a greek goddess (but more buff?) what weight is this at and whats ur height. amazing job, great ab inserts"
"Yeah this phenomenon is why ""muscle memory"" is actually a real thing and not just bro-science"
Shifting focus to more strength based training and fuckin A has it had me sore af. Excited to get back to hashtag volume and dirty p pumps doh
"Looking crazy brother absolutely mirin’, best of luck!"
"His abdomen looks like a snake hissing.

Aside from that, this cunt is that guy who posts shit online like ‘OmG iMaGiNe hOw bIg I WoUlD bE if I tOoK gEaR’ ... Fake natty dickhead"
Why would you curse me like this bby?
"1) I like ranch 

2) but thinking of ranch as Mayo definitely takes away from it 

If cake was made out of mayonnaise, it would probably be kinda gross too."
What’s the sauce? Steroids? And recommend getting a haircut I need one too :-)
Nice gut pouch there buddy
"Breast milk is the only way. Make sure you find a chick that is kind of thick so you get the extra hormones. Ethnicity doesn’t matter either, so get the titty milk of your choice. 3oz 3 times a day or 18 oz every other day to get really huge gains."
That’s a god damn good mustache you have going on there bro
"nofap is a cult, ain't nothing wrong with a good ol' 5 finger linger, but noporn is more legit imo"
"Good looking out! I was getting the euphoria followed by brutal comedowns when I was first titrating my doses. Went from 25 down to 15 and now I only notice enhanced focus, no euphoria/comedowns/insomnia."
"Clear your browser history first, just in case you do get fully paralyzed"
I know it’s like they disappeared very washed out. His tan looked off too making it worse.
"okay thank you, I was basing this off of what arnold was recommending in one of his books but i wrote an alternative one that has supersets with the set range being 5-8 per excercise"
"Considering TikTok is a huge medium for the Gen Z and has been around since 2016, this is very much ""old man yells at cloud"" vibes. 

If you don't want to be around rowdy kids, workout early morning. Don't blame the youth for being young."
Too many towels and a messy bed. Idk man maybe throw a laundry day into your split
"RIP John. Thanks for all you have done for me, for bodybuilding, and for showing us all what being a man is truly about."
"He looks fucking fantastic, but I still think he's too small. His last show he was absolutely dwarfed by a ton of amateur guys."
[Try giving this a read](https://reddit.com/r/weightroom/comments/kun4hz/enter_the_heavy_swing_or_how_i_learned_to_love/)
"Vocal minority. ""Go woke go broke"" is a thing for a reason. Canceling someone for this reason usually itself is the bad PR."
"let's be real, none of us had a chance anyway"
Shit so you're telling me the couple of dudes i saw on tinder saying they're looking for a workout partner were genuine? And not gay guys? Fuck
Because all the UK and eu bros are suffering from lockdown 3.0
This is actually the funniest part of everything here. Good eye. Excellent choice.
"I like Jay way more as a person and an ambassador for this sport compared to Phil

But 2011 Mr O Phil Heath would still beat his 09 or 01 showings

The hamstrings and back Phil had would edge him out. Cutler had a far more imposing structure though"
Pre conspiracy nut-job Calum was so wholesome with so much potential
Fuck yeah bro
"this only bothered me cuz people were shitting on the mods about it and its literally not their fault at all, so people who get pissy at them about it was stupid af cuz they dont even know what theyre talking about."
Agreed!
"It's so funny how l can both agree with you completely and simultaneously look back and see myself making excuses FOR her and nodding my head as if those excuses are reasonable. 

If nothing else I'm glad to be hearing what you're saying. The more I hear it the more I'm able to really believe it instead of just knowing that it's true. 

Thanks. I appreciate you."
This is misinformation. You can get Covid multiple times and you can spread Covid-Delta even if you’re vaccinated.
That’s amazing! I’m 179cm but only weight around 77kg. What’s your wrist circumference if you don’t mind sharing?
"Agree, although I think partly is due to how bad we are judging long term consequences of our actions, same as people smoking, drinking or having generally unhealthy habits, we know it has impact but it's like we don't somehow assimilate it. I'm awful explaining myself btw haha."
"Every day I do stretching, band work, hand massage, hot/cold shower, and massage gun therapy. Only been lifting like 2 years regularly but beat my body to hell, gotta recover to stay healthy and get stronger."
"Phat is a good bodybuilding program. If you want to run gamma bomb, but don't like some the exercises, than just use the exercises you want to do in place of the ones the program calls for."
"Enjoy your vacation, take some time to recover and have a good time bro"
Checking all the gain boxes man. I'd just take the rest day whenever you feel like it so go for it!
"Could've worded that better. I'm saying it's a lame excuse to see a physique like this (which is definitely achievable naturally) and think ""oh this guy used gear to get that physique, I'll never look that way without gear"" when in reality consistent hard work can get you there. Was not trying to say you are making a lame excuse.   
  
People accuse others of being on gear as an excuse for their shortcomings. When in reality if they put in the time, effort, and dedication they could see the progress they write off as ""someone being on gear."""
"Yeah I’m salty now I didn’t make the investment earlier. Also got the cheap one of Amazon (although mine is just normie black colored one), and is really solid quality."
Be serious. You honestly don’t think he’s taking even a little bit of creatine here and there??? Cmon. This guy is double scooping all day.
Life is very good
My leg routine?? Haha just a ton of volume not a ton of weight tbh
nice ratio
Sounds like hes not needed anywhere then
"Looks like a younger Shawn Rhoden, except with better arms (fuller triceps)."
"Financial stress is 50% of people’s stress when bodybuilding in my experience.

There is no advice that you will find here until you get right and don’t have to worry about struggling paycheck to paycheck."
Damn. Stop being such a little bitch.
amazing! Chiselled like a statue of a God
"It's all good man. The fitness journey is full of plateaus and these games your body and mind play on you. The more times you go through it, the easier it will be to deal with it and realize it for what it is. It's important to stay focused and stay consistent. If you're having a bad week, nothing wrong with deloading. Sometimes it helps your CNS recover a bit more if you've been going hard AF and you'll come back stronger. 

Is it possible it's because you're cutting? Maybe but I doubt it at that bf unless you're really starving yourself. Also, depending on what you eat before a workout can make a huge difference in your strength for the workout. I find I have the most strength when I have something like a sweet potato and a simple sugar a couple of hours before the gym. 

At the end, just stay consistent and don't lose hope. Know that it's a phase and you'll be back to making gainz in no time!"
Nothing. I'm fucking losing my shit.
Useful for everything me thinks
I believe he's still natural. He does nail this pose though. Other pics on his insta shows him still looking natty
"Interesting. Have any source for those mRNA studies on humans like semi-long term ones? Because I searched and couldn't find any, only some ones done on animals."
"Fair enough, I do love me some Smith machine!"
So it's a good thing to employ? I try to push very hard got sets
Also would like to look through the pants 👀
This sounds like a college improv team drama
Yeah I’ll have to stay updated with your results
I think the majority of his info is really solid.
Bro i was this close 🤏 to buying a strength camp tank top in 2010 lol
"They don’t hurt it? You think someone sees this and suddenly we lost any chance of them being a fan? If they were going to be a fan of bodybuilding, pants around ankles wouldn’t stop that. Hell, I’m sure most people don’t even notice the pants because they’re so focused on the quads either by being weirded out by them or liking them."
"Ah yes, the competition where Markus Ruhl made every pose a most muscular variation"
It's almost like they're on a 23 hour timer and totally predictable or something.
No true bodybuilder is only on 500mg of injectable lmao
I am well aware- just makes em look dumber 🤷‍♀️ I’ve never met someone w a respectable physique that looks down on other gym goers of bb’ers so
Looking good mate!
The thumbnail looks like a beach.
thanks man I'll definitely look into it
"I feel like he would look better with a smaller waist since he doesn’t have a good V taper going but as I am not a gay man, how can I argue with you? But I don’t think a 2.5x shoulder waist ratio is physically possible haha"
Yeah Shawns Side Abdominals is insane👀 I think Shawn is more conditioned but Derek has a larger and more muscular back and wide like you said
Good coach.
Lol he has like 40x more muscle than the batman suits mimic
It's the equivalent of popping a vitamin and some Gatorade. I would certainly not be drinking empty calories post-workout while cutting.
"Yeah i am drinking a lot of water rn anyway just that i notice whenever i don’t drink much and eat sth I end up w massive water retention.

I am gonna try drink as much water as I can and then piss it all out dehydrating the shit out of myself. 

Also i don’t even need a peak-week w the shape and I got and seeing the competition yet I got great dudes here at my gym who teach me how to.

I also think peaking as a natural is hard but lol w my current shape i would only need to focus on being as lean as i can."
No problem! Next time you can tag me for more feedback if you want.
I loved the Carolinas. All 4 seasons in a milder version and affordable.
"Wow that's hard buddy. Not up to that extent but have been in a pretty toxic relationship where I gave up too many things I shouldn't have, need to set boundaries ASAP, know your priorities and what you're willing to give up or adapt for the relationship and what not. If done in time it should be manageable but once the other person has gotten used to certain things it can be way harder, since they take it for granted.

In your case you probably need to evaluate the situation and decide how you want to live that relationship if you want to continue it, and start making changes towards that. May generate conflicts but if you don't change that it'll keep getting worse. It sounds as if she has too much dependency and that is leading to both of you having no personal space which is 100% necessary IMO.

Good luck buddy, and don't hesitate putting yourself first, a relationship won't work if we are constantly sacrificing things we don't really want to sacrifice."
U should see him not he looks way bad now. That's why if u don't work hard doesn't matter how blessed u r with good genetics eventually u will loose
"Not sure, had to use lower weight than usual due to some stomach issues having caused significant weight loss recently, so can't be sure if the weight was lowered anymore by having done hamstring curls first. For what it's worth, didn't feel like it impacted the weight much."
I tried honey mustard a while back. Awful.
Good for you! That takes a lot of dedication and self control! Congrats!
"Man please…

He rich!! 

He can afford medical treatment. Feel bad for an average joe with those problems, not a millionaire."
I'm scared by all 3 different types
"Am I just dumb or is the price of creatine inflated right now? MyProtein doesn’t even have it on the US site at the moment, and that’s usually the cheapest place to get it. And I used to get a kilogram of it off Amazon for 20, and now a kilogram is 32. 

Makes me want to stay natty"
Are you sure your bracing is on point?
Looking like a jacked Joseph Gordon-Levitt
So true.
That’s super impressive man. Your doing true novice too right? Cuz that means we standing on stage together at very least in that class!
Thanks for will give them all a try. I haven’t had nut butter since I was LCHF I used to overdo it but might be more able to control how much I have now.
Natural. Never done anything.
Better Call Saul
"That's awesome 

&gt; 0 percentile 

So you don't actually exist, right? You're not real."
How’s the results in terms of size gain? Currently on Gamma so I’m curious
"I've been feeling sore all over my body this week. I've been training more or less consistently this year. 

This week, I'm feeling sore in all my muscles but especially my shoulders, upper back and legs. When I hit a muscle , 4 days after hitting it last time (I run a PPL routine), I feel the soreness in it, like it hasn't recovered. It affects my strength and rep range (like the feeling at the end of the workout). 

I want to know what's wrong. I haven't done anything different this week to the previous ones, my routine, diet and sleeping are more or less the same. 

Has anybody experienced that before? What could be going wrong?"
Why is his pecker pointing straight up? Because he's number one?
I really thought it was gonna be nasty but I think it’s pretty good. It tastes like very lean ground beef to me but not as dry. I think it’s important to prepare it right and use good spices. I soak it in chicken or beef broth and then mix it with taco seasoning and follow the directions on the packet. Then I throw it in a burrito with cheese.
"Cutting formula: 1.4 x bw = protein, 1.4 x bw (-100) = carbs (mon-thur, fri &amp; sat is 50-75g carbs only). Sun = refeed day, if i lost 2 to 4lbs that week, carbs is 2 x bw. Fats = .25 x bw. On low carb days, .35 x bw 
Normal maintenance is bw x 40% for pro and carbs. Bw x 20% for fat. 

Bulk is diff. 1.4 x bw = pro, 2-2.75 × bw for carbs (slowly increasing each week) and .25 x bw for fat."
"Just because someone wins a year, doesn't mean anything for the next year, especially with someone like Ramy who has actually only nailed his perfect package once out of 9+ years competing...

Ramy might be the favorite on paper, but just because he won last year doesn't mean shit this year. Plenty of people are within striking distance of Ramy..."
Pro card well deserved
Why did he tuck one ass cheek out 💀
Ok boomer
"As long as your lifts aren’t suffering, it’s totally good. I always feel a lot better when I eat something small before, though."
Chicken as well I find makes a huge difference. Every time the hutterites come around I buy as much chicken as I reasonably can
"Ah thanks! I can't even use straps with it because it throws me off, usually just use chalk"
Wrong sub
Whoever quoted you on that is trying to scam you
Thank you for not showing us your balls Mr. Hercules
Just a funny joke huehue don't be mad Pee Jay
How recommended is Starting Strength as a beginner's program. Would you suggest any specific program to a hardgainer beginner?
Like 190lbs as In you’re so light you will get blown over by the wind? Why is that hard?
They're definitely smaller than his calves
"That's a big disadvantage too, best case scenario you get pills with no active ingredient, worst case the dealer puts some cheap oral and you end up doing a shitty 8 weeks dbol only cycle."
I once had a tomato stuck in my throat and had to get Heimlich'ed. Pretty scary!
"So basically you're saying slowly cut off the adex (arimidex) as fast as possible and IF necessary consider it as post cycle to avoid rebound &amp; not ON cycle - that's what was afraid of, in fact.
Cardio is 20 mins twice a week (40 min total), but p.t. thinks if I want to lose the weight I mentioned and be this super ripped fastly I might have to enhance it and drink ONLY once a week - basically he said tren is a great metabolism enhancer and 20mg is a nice dosage for women but alcohol is the devil, you can consider drinking only on your cheat day and can not be like ""ok I work out well I am on tren I can drink"" cause while your muscle will still grow you are not going to lose all this water weight. (exactly what you said)"
"Yeah they added role queue because otherwise people were just getting games of 5 DPS and maybe 1 tank or support lol. There's still open queue for comp and quick play classic in arcade which is how it used to be. Hasn't been dead for me tbh, heard all of its regions and consoles/pc still has a solid playerbase, if you haven't played in a while it might just be struggling to know who to put you up against. Or if you tried playing DPS in role queue that takes ages because that's what everyone queues up as, so it takes a while to find people playing tank/support. 

In the arcade section you can play mystery heroes which is really chilled and a lot of fun. Basically it picks a random hero for you to play, and then every time you die it switches to a different random hero."
Great back
Nah watch me outrun this train
"Sounds like a real keeper, that one"
Yes this could be you appendix see a doctor.
"He looks great and all, but not sure he would get it if he keeps coming in with obvious synthol shoulders like last year. 

And big Ramy is a fucking beast with awesome symmetry and aesthetics, and so is Brandon Curry, he's gotta beat those guys first!"
"That’s some quick progress, big boi. Are you running a program or just doing your own thing?"
The lack of any sort of commute has made my life so much easier. I'm dreading having to spend an hour getting to campus and class everyday
"By now I'm fully convinced that the same weight, if lifted at home instead of in the gym, yields half as much hypertrophy.

I'm so sick of home workouts"
"Youre over thinking it. It takes a good bit of cutting before your strength starts to drop off. especially at 20% bf. Stick with your routine (if you like it) and as you lighten the weight to account for the strength drop, then consider adding reps."
"Is it wrong of me to not buy that George was feeling perfectly great before he passed? I mean, looking at the picture of his death face I can't imagine anyone feeling ""amazing"" like that."
"Love how post workout any meal is delicious. Just had basmati rice with frozen peas added at the end, a can of tuna, roasted almonds, some soy sauce and herbs. Fucking yummy."
I’m honestly confused why this is an issue? Sounds like he was minding his own business
"&gt; Mine cuts out completely at the same time of day, every day

ngl chief thats your provider restarting services regardless of what they say when you're calling or there are parental controls on your shit lol"
Next year go all in on traps. Leave the rest of the body. Traps need to grow at least 70/80% more to get that ratio body
"I’d just add some fats to the shake like some peanut butter, it’ll slow digestion."
"Considering Flex Lewis won the 212 a bazillian times, does that auto qualify him for the open class even though he missed competing last yea?"
cut your fingers that you used this to post with
"Yeah thats fair, didnt really think about it. These guys put in the real effort in the pro scene."
Motherfucker I almost forgot how cringeworthy luimarco was.
Hahaha yea popcorn will do it
no more choccy almond milk.
"Looking great. Very good delts!! I would recommend pausing all of your bench press reps for a 1 second count, to balance your chest with your shoulders. Good luck with your show"
That sounds nice! Could you do a cooking night with your friends?
"I forget who makes it but my GF got me something called hellacious hotsauce and it was sooo good, I'm also the dude who has like 5 different ones in his fridge at any time"
So much wasted time every day
"Ah man BF1 was amazing but BFV was garbage. 

Looking forward to this one. I didn’t even buy the new cod because I knew I’d never play it once battlefield drops lol"
Or do them while he has to shit lmao
I hope he gets help and retires from public life with whatever savings/assets he has left.
"Yeah I know lol, but it's time to acknowledge that working with those women has given me a thing for ladies with Eastern European accents lol. Think I'm a bit nervous because the last time I quit a job, an entire year if lockdowns happened 3 days later and I couldn't find any apprenticeships because they all stopped. 

Yeah, I also live near like the biggest tech hub in the UK outside of London (as well as living a pretty commutable distance to London) so gunna spend most of my 20s getting as much experience and qualifications as possible and then try to land a great paid job lol."
"Your back is thick which is awesome. Definitely a little more width and it’ll be perfect. I personally think arms can come down a touch more, like straight across your body but this isn’t a bad angle either. Gotta see the legs tho, that’s the hardest part of the pose!"
Yeah I’ve finally figured that out. Thanks for the input
Reddit gets pissed when I mention it but there are associated heart issues with the current vaccines the government is pushing. Its fucking tragic.
Truly magnificent one of my fav posing routines of all time. Just breathtaking.
You need to go visit a church lol
His calf length looks insane wtf.
Thank you!
"Thank you for the feedback!

As far as peak conditioning, I’d say yes and no - my prep was a bit thrown off when the competition was rescheduled and 8 more weeks were added right before peak week. My coach and I decided to pull back cardio for a few weeks  and up my diet to avoid me losing any muscle, and then returning to the same training and diet intensity level about 4 weeks out of the new date. So I think post-reschedule was a weird rebalancing period that may have caused me to not come in as hard as planned - but I gave my all during the last few weeks and was feeling good!

Definitely taking that feedback for next time, I appreciate you sharing it!"
"It's not a difficult link that due to heavy steroid use they may have been more susceptible to severe COVID effects, especially attending gatherings like competitions (the demographic for which seems to lean more anti-vax than other groups might, also). Totally reasonable hypothesis."
"If you fall behind whatever arbitrary number you made, do you think your body will magically increase muscle growth if you try to play catch up and then slow back down once you reached whatever random number you had in your head? The answer is no. Don’t play catch up, just make the adjustments as normal and carry on."
Probs to make up for missing conditioning
"So you're getting quad pain, not knee pain?"
Like to send u a pic of were I’m at now and my diet maybe u can advise me on wat I should be doing with my nutrition as that is my only concern I’m really not to hip on wat I shoukd do at this point with the carbs fat etc etc if u have an email would u mind if I sent u this info??
Maybe like 250-300
You're Awesome!
well you're very handsome but you'd need permission from my girlfriend
Is bodybuilding a hard sport?
"ill post some old pics soon cuz if i post current pics ill get cussed for being small but if its old i can say im bigger, so you'll get to see them soon ;)"
It was much less depressing back then
That is insanity
Like if the gym is super packed I don't get why people think it's cool to fucking hog the leg extension machine lat pulldown and shoulder press at the same time. Then have the audacity to tell you they were using that and they have a few more sets. Those set are inevitably 30 minutes worth of sets.
No. Stick with regular shoulder presses unless you want to damage your rotator cuff as you progress in weight.
Haha I understand I'm just joking about how BB competitions have anemic prizes
Honestly the best thing I did for my sleep was get an adjustable bed base. When I was over 220 bodyweight I was having really bad sleep apnea and snoring.
"no, im ~~not a scientific guy nor~~ a gym bro, ~~I just like working out and I dont try to oversimplify, I go off of what ive experienced and I try to stick with things that I can be consistent with~~"
"Condition did matter, Iain got the win because of it."
lmao i use a home gym
If my upper body grew as easily as my quads I would be jacked af by now. Damn you genetics
yeah but you atleast have abs
"U guys think a 5k uphill walk can help with some calf development? 

I wanna be able to wear shoes without feeling insecure goddamnit"
Dam.  Unbelievable!
I still don't understand the shorts. I want to see how you sculpted the legs
this dude's my neighbor lol
Holy shit those hamstrings look nuts.
What was your favorite memory together
"Forget arginine. Take citrulline in higher doses, with different frequencies.

Say 4g an hour before gym, 4g about 15 minutes before the gym. Will ensure high levels throughout"
"You don’t get it. Training untill failure does not feel hard anymore, and i don’t feel like i benefit from it"
Okay? What do you want us to get out of this wall of text?
I would like a girlfriend but would also like to do all of the boyfriend things. Any ideas?
"I second my fitness pal app. I have an obese friend who has used the app religiously for 6 months and the progress is continuous, all the time every week. You are prob not educated and experienced enough to venture all on your own. Use the app. You will lose weight"
"Being as thick and solid as possible at your height, but still within the weight cap, is pretty much how you win classic physique. If he’s not busting his weight cap, then he’s in the right division."
I mean I never squat without a good ass warm up
It was definitely the thong.
"&gt;is it possible to piss out of your ass?

When the stomach yells ""NOPE!"""
OK thanks. I put all those variables into a spreadsheet including the training sets/reps/exercises etc
"Damn, thats not the only thing thats erect"
"Thanks for the advice man. Guy in that thread actually sounds like me and that was some of the stuff I would be concerned about with trying to do PT…. like I’d enjoy training people, but not so much the sales stuff."
I’m not that fat. Or at least I hope not.
Lol this is retarded. Never listen to this close friend again
Thanks Mr. Meadows
"It's kinda sad to see some of the golden era guys turned into obsessed conspiracy theorists/ended up being racist/fucked up in some way mentally, Lee priest and Tom platz have absolutely lost it imo"
"Alright, now I'm just confused"
How to isolate it? It gets really sore I noticed when doing wide grip incline bench
Look great man
And great shoulder and traps. Cant buy that!
Yeah but I’m getting over it lmao. It took me 3 days lol
I’m on dc mate and my arms seem to be lagging like crazy any tips mate
Seated Leg Curls / Lying Leg Curls
"Is it wrong that I prefer to come alone to one of those vip theaters than with a date?

With a date I have to pay for everything and by myself I can spend as much as I want on me and not have to stop myself from buying an overpriced(at least for me it is) cocktail."
"Looking great man, and good job doing it in your underwear despite it being a tricep pose so we can see the outline of that dangly ole cock"
"I know!!! I just messed up. I feel the shame as I'm studying Kin rn. Not worthy. 

Do a rep for me bb."
"Messaged you. Am doing JM's Creeping Death 2 at the moment, have done Nsuns, SHUL, r/fitness PPL in the past. Also liftvault has a huge amount of free programs"
Why are you so psychotically obsessed with pitbulls? I'm pretty sure actual pitbull owners don't devote half as much mental bandwidth to the breed as you lol
"Anyone see the recent Thor post? No way that not edited right? Comments of people who actually think it’s possible because of gear. I’m looking at videos of him 7 months ago. There is no way he put on that much size during a cycle

https://www.reddit.com/r/marvelstudios/comments/nq75c7/thor_4_has_officially_wrapped/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf"
... you have no idea how to lift? Start reading the r/fitness sidebar probably
"I've been having all kinds of problems with my gf lately. Its like we finish something up amd another thing pops up. They all seem to be centered around her lack of emotional connection. 

I can't even get away from it at the gym cuz she'll text me about how ""we need to talk"" and its the same shit.

Do a few extra reps for me bbs. Its going to be a long night."
The virgin forgiveness vs the Chad conquest
"Are you saying my guy in the original post will not look better by staying on a natural track than if he started doping? He already looks fantastic so i don't see why he can't keep getting better, even if slowly, while staying fully natural."
"Keep the blood flowing, it helps"
Chest and Tri’s hits better than Back and Bi’s!! Change my mind.
Peeled as fuck. I'm guessing you're around 140-145?
Hell ya brother just looking for an estimate to start
"Amazing legs, particularly hamstrings man. Overall looking great. Good luck mate! 

Out of curiosity, how much does your arms and legs measure?"
"Just FYI I’m blocking you, you’re annoying."
Just use it and like all the videos you actually like and your algo will become ace in no time then you wont see all the crap.
"Me: 'Yeah I think I'm pretty hard on myself for not looking how I want' 

Also me: Has not walked by a reflective surface without flexing at my reflection in weeks"
"Diet wise, my advice is (if you can), literally eat the same thing every day. It's boring, but it keeps me eating healthy and hitting my macros. Then force yourself to go to the gym. I go every day, but that's because I found I can handle it. At first, it felt like a chore and motivation was hard to muster up. But then, I started to notice the gains. I've never had big Biceps in my life, and seeing actual size is one of the best feelings ever. So now I'm excited to go to the gym every day, and I look forward to when I can get my bf% down to the point that I can actually see the definition along with the gained mass haha. Just gotta figure out what pushes you forward brother"
Respect! You've come a long way!
"Your mind will want to quit before your body does, don't let it"
For sure not your back. Your back looked phenomenal.
"That’s just bad math.  In that pic, Shaw is about 200 lbs heavier than Jay.  He also deadlifts probably 400 lbs more."
"Can? Yes. You can take anything you want.

Should you? No. Your body needs sufficient levels of testosterone and estradiol to function properly."
"Yeah it's not 100% but I know for a fact when I'm making money again I'll buy john's plans to support him, I watch and like all his vids, comment constantly, like his Instagram posts, bought some cheaper merch etc, I try support him anyway I can, but 230+ usd for a plan, I'm just not in a position to pay that right now, but when I'm able to afford it I'll pay for it myself, but right now I need a plan and this is the only way I can get one of john's. Didn't mean to offend you dude"
"I feel tired af every day even after sleeping 7-9 hours, idk what I did yesterday but 8 hours of slept had me feeling like I was on stimulants all day and hype af to lift. Now today I got 10 with good sleep hygiene(no screens an hour before sleep, low stress, etc) and feel like I slept 30 minutes. I just want to feel refreshed 🥺"
It's like a small family of juicy meatheads.
Larp lmfao
Me personally drop a set from each lift and take 2 reps off each set I think i learnt it from Helms
"Dude is awesome and a shining light in this industry, but come on.  Get off tik tok and back to reality.  

As others have said this isn’t even getting past qualifying."
"No, ones white (wolf) ones black (wanker)"
"God I hate unsolicited gym advice. I know I’m a broken record but 99% of the time it’s incorrect and also unwanted. Even when girls directly ask for advice in here I layer on the “take this with a grain of salt because I’m not a woman”. People REALLY need to understand half of all “common knowledge” in fitness is actually incorrect, and the rest of lifting is subjective and nobody gives a shit about your feelings. 

It’s a PERSONAL thing. Bodybuilding is PERSONAL betterment. The competition is secondary

Also I didn’t even see whatever thread you’re talking about but I’m sure I don’t want to"
That’s strength and conditioning a whole dif career bud
Yes
"Gotcha, thank you"
"Do you realize youre like the dead give away version of any person who lies about gear use, yall act the same, and 20 years old? You mean you been juicing since you were 20 is more like it, its all gonna turn to jello"
"That’s true, but I’ve seen developed thighs on ppl who don’t do calves. Why? Idk. But it’s a thing"
"I'd first make 100% sure that it's the relationship, and not some outside force influencing it. Did you guys live an active and healthy social life pre-covid? If so then of course quarantining will cause a strain. 

Even something as simple as having a job can help. Did you guys always share work stories and anecdotes? Of course working from home will kill that. More importantly, when you guys were apart during the day because of work, did that make the time together just that much better?

Start there, figure out what's up before immediately thinking it's the relationship itself."
"Not bad, but I wouldn't say impressive. Don't really have a specific weak point because don't have a specific strong point. 

Id say just keep training hard, you got more room!"
Sexy delts 😍
To be honest I don’t think he even knows what he means by “maingaining”. His definition of it seems to change on a monthly basis.
Hahaha bro you had to go to reddit to find out what caffeine is?
It's so hard :/ I hope it helps to know you're not alone! I am sure the pros feel this way too
Lmao you got downvoted. Reddit is such a joke...also i downvoted you some more because....why not lol..
You’re very welcome and I hope he motivates you even a fraction of what he did for me! Hahah dude’s a role model for natural bodybuilding for sure
Is the book worth getting?
Thank you!
I shoot you a message lol
So ready for a nice cheat meal tonight!!  Not going to partake in any margaritas since leg day looks a little rough tomorrow.
Just keep going you'll be fine
"Dear bent over side delt raises, kindly bugger off"
I think you might have a very mistaken conception of what I mean by fashion models if this is your reaction lol
Just as important as every other day. That's when I golf.
Like when Brazilians MMA fighters say ‘Jesus and Açaí’.  Lol
I could definitely see how that would happen. I’m still early enough in the stages of it where I’m still kind of thinking in macros. But then sometimes I’ll come across something online that’s basically only carbs and fat and it’ll look phenomenal and I’ll get tempted. Slippery slope for sure.
That's perfectly healthy. You are good my guy. I'm on cruise and my BP was 120/68 and 80 bpm heart rate
Definitely sounds like something a gay person would say
This is incredibly helpful! Thank you very much. What's DUP?
"I’d argue it is but that’s besides the point. 

He asked “is it okay to do less sets but go to failure” and i responded “sure, you need less sets if you go to failure anyway”"
Everyone can look good if hes training and eating good. The genetic potential is measurable and matter only on stage.
Pretty sure it can. I don't think they get rid of all the tissue. If you abuse PEDs and fuck up it will come back.
"Pros: 

If I cut my legs off, leg day will never have to be done ever again.

I might get Terminator legs, maybe even transformer legs.

No more Charlie Horses

No more shin splints

No more pants, I could wear shorts everyday

No more shoes

Cons:

You ain't got no legs Lt. Dan"
"Yes, I was trying to say that.  


It´s ""Flare the lats"", right?"
He looks great from the waist up but if you cut off the top part of the picture he looks like an Average Joe. I feel like he could and should have spent a lot more time on his legs.
Do more cardio and you can eat more in your cut!
"Would it though? It's their fault for eating it. You can just tell the police that even you didnt intend on eating it, you just wanted to see if cooking all those things together was possible."
"That's awesome man, probably feels like a huge weight is off your shoulders finally"
No wonder the US has exploding Covid deaths
" No , you’re the manlet.  Bet you don’t even know how to smash or get a boner…"
Rich Out Meal is my favourite natty breakfast
I just can't.  We lost one of our best.
I'm Canadian ya' clown. The best part about owning 7 houses is you paying me every month.
it's crazy that even with skinny people you might be able to see their ribs but they still have a slight gut
"I mean that’s absolutely correct, idk how that’s even an argument lmao saying 20 lbs looks the same no matter the height is like saying 4 people will fill up a bus the exact same it would fill up a car"
"I agree with this, he looks more developed than a year ago on his instagram but so does his competition"
Oh ok
"If you are pretty lean atm, you could get at least decent conditioning by then. Try it and see how it goes."
That's what I'm fighting with... Benedryl in the PM before bed and a Claritin in the AM helps with allergies and controlling the itch but ya friends lake house for a belated 4th of July get together and my shredded body (hopefully in 5.5 weeks) will take a back seat to it all I dread any photos taken of me
looking good and being competitive are two different things in bodybuilding
When I pull muscles (I do it pretty often) I do mobility stuff and stretch a bunch then take a deload to recover a bit overall
Lol I legit feel bad for those people
"Thanks so much, I will loose the shoes!"
Probably a good idea
What’s your fave Pure flavor? Mine is lemon but no one ever agrees with me
"yknow how i said ""could you fit 3x triceps/shoulder isolation movements to failure per week"" and you guys said ""sure as long as your body can recover""? turns out my body can not recover and my sternum hurts like a shit load because i overloaded on heavy dips. feels like hell to move my arms"
"It’s free marketing. 

I used to train at Beyond Limits in Columbus, Ohio, and this reminds me of Arnold Weekend. Although I will say the folks shooting/filming there were generally very respectful, but a lot of that crowd was of the PL variety. So I feel like they “get it” more than the BB folks."
"Mannn feels good to do anything active after a week off the gym.

Saturday had my birthday golf round with cousins, uncles, and friends.  Everyone was surprised I decided to walk the course, especially since the cart was included in the green fee, but I had been eating like shit all week and wanted to walk off all the bloat.  Probably the toughest course I've walked.  Hilly and long walks between each hole.  This got me ready to get back in the gym this week.

Yesterday, picked back up where I left off on Gamma, and man my back felt it yesterday and feels good sore today.  Also, I can't express my love for versa gripps.  Felt that pull session all in my back and none in my forearms and biceps."
Kegels are good. But IIRC BB's partner was extra wet vs extra loose.
You look great. Well done
I can promise you I’m not gay. I never get hard when I suck dudes off.
I've always been interested in a multigrip bar
Sheesh I’m dumb lol
Looking amazing good luck
Yes sir.
"Don't get me wrong. I love diversity and the fact that genetics have different advantages and disadvantages. I thought I made that clear. Bodybuilding isnt a physically competitive sport. And any race has potential in building muscles and becoming big, my problem is solely the fact we base the standard to a specific group. It has nothing to do with advantages. Black people don't have specific advantages in building muscle as whites or Asians do, it's purely the way it randomly went. It's not that black people are better lifters or anything. Actually Asians and whites have a clear advantage at that point but from a bodybuilding standpoint that shouldn't matter and it doesn't. But then I ask again. Why are black people favored in bodybuilding when there shouldn't be a racial advantage in these competitions. And again as I said. I have no problem if bodybuilding was a physically active competition but it just isn't and can't be compared to other sports like the ones you are mentioning"
More annoying than ego lifting? Leaving weights unracked? Curling in a squat rack? Grunting loudly while moving light weight?
Better refresh your knowledge chief.  I didn't even start puberty until 15 and grew most of that 11 inches at age 17. I imagine OP's doctor looked at growth plates before giving a prescription for growth hormone.
Good luck and best wishes...
Lol if you’re in an apartment like I am our neighbors probably think we’re complete dumbasses
My friends want to set me up with this cute mixed girl (my ultimate weakness) in a couple days. Time to go hard as fuck in the gym and Muay Thai to look extra swole. Probably will mess it up but thats why we're all in here.
Good looks. I think my non-lifting physical activity will be limited to baseball and whatever rec. stuff my friends want to do in that case. probably mostly basketball. Thanks
"I'm kind of stuck in the same debate the other guy is having.  If I had to choose between only drinking alcohol in moderation versus never touching alcohol most days and binging (8-14 drinks) every 2-4 weeks, I'd much rather prefer the latter.  I don't really know how much damage alcohol can do to one's gains when talking about an extra 1000-1500 calories every 2+ weeks, especially if combined with calorie counting.  Like is it really holding me back a lot or does it only start to matter at an elite level?"
i think aaabbb199900 is a fine name
Ephedrine is great for suppressing hunger. ECA is the cornerstone of every successful cut!
"Oh yeah 100% agree just saying, in the US at-least, why it’s all hidden and secretive."
"Thanks for the feedback chief :D

Muchly and greatly appreciated :D"
This is new so no one knows what the consequences will be. My mother has autoimmune disease so if I decide to stop wearing a mask and break all the rules and pass it to her she’ll die. If you think that it’s okay to sacrifice people for any reason there’s just zero hope for you.
This was actually terrible. Pissed I couldn’t finish my workout
"I'll fuck with some Dave's seed bread, though."
"Yes, he will beat Haney and Coleman and be a 10x Mr olympia"
"Honestly brother, I think you look very good for being 6 weeks out. You'll definitely make it imo if you know your body's requirements. 


Which show you and where are planning on competing?"
Zane Watson is always getting into trouble.
"Wrong question.

The real question is how much weight can you lose in one shit?"
Overhead dumbbell tricep press
Lmao I'm gonna use that with my roommate
Like Milo and the calf I will adapt as she grows!
Nah bro. I’d last 2minutes lol
"fair, I go through about 1.2-1.8L in a session"
"Fuck dude, I got my first shot same day you did, no sides other than Pip. If it makes you feel any better I got a really bad case of strep then quarantined cause my roommate got covid. Ended up quarantined for 21 days. I was supposed to get my first dose the day my quarantine started 😢"
I'd be the worst person to ask because I'm not even sure if I'm doing it properly. Get a posing coach!
The clothes gym lmao cute. Reframe everything to be the gym of the thing.
"100g is definitely do-able as long as you don't mind sups and/or having seitan with multiple meals. I used to eat chicken twice a day before converting, so to me it's not a big deal at all  to do the same with something that's more versatile 🤷. I know John Meadows has coached a vegan before so I'm sure it's possible to go even lower"
"Yes. Because test will magically fix the bad habits that brought you to forty and overweight. 

*facepalm"
I wish someone makes a video on how to do this. Would be so helpful
Who are some of the best physicians in the industry? Like they’re specialized in bodybuilding/enchantment medicine?
Lookin like a goddess!!
"Don't listen to that guy, his advice is shit if you want to be moderately serious with this sport. As you say, going with a small surplus will give you much better results."
Amazing muscle symmetry
Good luck brother
"Lmao like the ifbb is that professional or organized. No chance haha.

I do agree tho they should give an approximate schedule, you shouldn’t have to watch what you don’t want to."
"Yeah the bigger more popular subreddit with a more active user base? Gosh I wonder why he’d post here instead of natural bodybuilding. If you see this and your first thought is that he’s on gear because of some puffy nips, despite looking natty as fuck, then you must have a very low bar for yourself."
I mean I don’t think he’s considering giving up the gym. Just giving up running pro level doses of steroids
Can’t wait to see it!! Bet you’ll look great!!
Yes 3 of them and another coming
Nice man
"Close grip bench, straight bar triceps extensions, one arm over head tricep extensions. You need to use heavy weight with triceps in my opinion. Also hit a lot of different angles for the triceps too."
Yeah buddy!!!!!!
"Not at all. You can look pretty damn good as a natty. And even if you hop on gear, you’ll still feel dyel. That doesn’t stop."
Love this 😂😂😂
I would like to jump in on the pot lmao
Yea I feel that. Came from strength orientated training and making the adjustment was interesting
Your neglecting your rear delts it's 1/3 the size of your front delt. Start doing your pins in your rear delts it will help swell them up lol . And if your have a full grey beard at 20 years old when did you start to get grey facial hair 14??
have ur wife wear them so you can still enjoy the shirts
"Timms has had 1 good showing, great improvements true, but lets slow that train down. Timms has a LOT of catching up to do on the legs department."
Ah my bad I was thrown off when the other guy said yohimbine
"Tiktok spreads too much misinformation for any of the kids to get anywhere, some influencers are actually decent sources of info, but they're usually drowned out by gymbros who practically sweat tren.

The amount of teenagers I can spot on gear has exponentially increased in the past five years and it's going to kill them too early to make the sport any different, next to none of those kids will go pro, and the ones that do will be dead by 30 or fucked up into oblivion  with the amount of weird shit they're blasting.

Besides that, they're on some new age shit too, when I was in the locker room of my old gym I heard a maybe 5'8 150-160 kid talking about a tren and superdrol cycle he heard about on tiktok, he talked about it like it was 1000x more effective than test, deca, var, etc all combined, and that it would give him everything he could ever ask for, and his friends were absolutely down for it.

They're all gonna end up dead or needing valve replacements at 25, at the same time, new era could create some absolute maniacs for the sport, seems like the kids now will risk it all just to get a bit more definition

Edit: I went off on a little tangent and forgot to answer the question, yeah the definition is gonna change, dickskin is what people see as shredded I think, any more is considered to be ""dad bods"""
I’ve never played. It’s an rpg yeah?
Congrats man!
What did you season them with? Dropped sweet potatoes out of the meal prep rotation for a while but might change it up soon. Been using white/russet potatoes instead.
How many accounts will you make? I'm curious what your limit is
"Check your hormones if you can, but yes, it's quite usual, prolonged deficit is a stressor and stress is a major factor in libido."
Thanks man! I try.  Sometimes I lose my patience but I otherwise try to stay positive and helpful around here.
"Did you miss hand day, brah?"
"Loneliness has been hitting hard this week.  But tomorrow I have a phone interview *and* it's deadlift day, so that's good 🙂

I got a big ass couch today and I'm slowly turning my house into a nice living space that's also not a total bachelor pad."
"Not really his obliques, his abs are huge too. Its kinda like jay cutler, cant do anything about it just throws the flow off"
Thanks ill have a look. Yeh i eat a reasonable amount of rice. But not a big eater.
Good stuff homie
Dude you are definitely aesthetic
"Don't take yourself so seriously, chicken legs.  


You are neither Branch Warren, nor Jay Cutler."
Looking like a young Emma m'lady
Weak points is dif then bad shoulders. If there not in symmetry with traps or arms it's a weak point. Not saying he couldn't boost them up. That's what I meant anyways.
wrong sub
Hamstrings are on point my friend. We'll done!
"I was doing my best not to put words in your mouth. Glad you're doing better though, hadn't seen you on here in a while until I searched your username and saw your last post, looking great."
Minimal approaches are shit.
"As with anything in fitness, learn to listen to your body. If working out early leaves you drained and messed up all day, and your lifts aren't great, maybe not. Some people feel energised from it. Ensure your sleep and nutrition is correct either way. 

Give yourself a month to get used to it. Its a shock at first but if after a month you feel good, then you're all set."
"They feed off bullshit and negative energy.  Ime the best reply for them is an ""ok pal"" and then forget they exist"
I've been trying to get you to pay attention to me for like a month or two now. You've all of a sudden replied to me twice in one day and now I just don't think I'm emotionally stable enough to handle you giving me the cold shoulder again.
and ig thots posting mediocre ass pics in their front leg heel up pose.
"Hmmm, that's an interesting proposition. Give me some time to think it over."
By the “good stuff” you mean political shit or actually bodybuilding shit?
I like the mustache
"Literally no one does that besides for noobs too stupid to do any research and listen to the gymbros, or pros wanted to get that little bit extra growth/preformance that higher caloric intake can provide while juiced to the gills to take advantage of the nutriens. In either case, they aren't listening to the xanthan gum diet man."
Bro that prison wisdom coming to use amirite.
"Fuck nice and veiny like 2 prosciutto. 

Share your leg routine bruv?"
No ego at all. You’re just a keyboard warrior that loves to argue with strangers online. Insecure about your dick size now too? Lmao
Damn that sounds great. Happy to hear it!
Sad to say I went to the website out of curiosity
Yeah you right. It's kinda fucked
"Look great smile more and look as if your thankful for giving the hard work god gifted, excellent work!!"
Oh man. All Gods blessings for his recovery.
Yeah train 2x if you want
"No I just assume the profesional here is Hani, he's just good at picking gifted idiots. Meanwhile some of those  same pros claim something like being .33%bf"
"I agree in that I don’t think you are there yet but I am confident you probably have pro caliber genetics from looking at your frame, muscle bellies, and so on. I would focus heavy on legs for off season if they look like what I am guessing they do under the pants."
No.
"Wow i definitely underestimate what can be achieved natty, im less than 6-7 months into lifting not seeing much progress but hey this motivates me! :)"
I feel for you. Worth it tho!
Perfect example of why I had to leave r/nattyorjuice
Keep working hard brev
"Dude looks 50, impressive!"
"I don't know if he could, honestly. Rami just dwarfs Hadi across the board and I don't know that I see any obvious weak spots to exploit. I mean, look at those wheels, ffs."
"Yeah, don't do exercises that hurt your shoulder or you will end up with a muscle tear.

Didn't adjust my sleep posture.

You won't be making gains when having so much inflammation so just be careful and try to maintain what you have. Eat anti inflammatory (omega 3, turmeric,...), drink enough water and keep doing your mobility exercises (nagging pain after an exercise is not good cause that's an indication of structural damage).

It's really important that your thoracic and shoulder mobility is optimal cause the more mobility a structure had, the better the blood flow will be (and the biomechanics/healing).

I'd advise to see an osteopath to see whether your cervical spine moves correctly cause that could also cause shoulder problems.

Good luck!"
And Arnold would say the same thing. Great advice!
Do it and don’t listen to haters
Haha. I’m 5’9 and 90 so I’m wondering if it’s possible. I have been told 100 is unlikely without drugs but he didn’t look insanely dry / cut to me. Also it’s 97.5kg
I'm pretty sure half this sub are 20 year olds who don't realize that.
"Anyone got experiences with MK-677 to share? I've been testing it for 2 months straight and felt very strong and more veiny than usual, but I didn't get more appetite as everybody was telling me."
That’s weird normally people look really good wearing clothes that are too big….?
Okay. How does one buy zinc sulfate? Just a pill or powder?
"thank you, just curious which is the easiest mmc with you?"
I got zero cardio gains but a shit load of water retention and bloating.
"Yeah I’m mean they are technically PEDs but nobody gives a shit I would easily bet every pro athlete in every sport (and I’m including curling) has used creatine. It just has no drawbacks, I mean some of these things like teen are illegal in some sports for a reason but creatine is like protein powder."
I agree entirely. I went HAM to get it for my mom when we first got it here but because I need to talk to my doc first I’m apparently “anti-science” and “enabling fascism.” According to like 10 yuppies at least but I’m really worried about how common shit like this is getting here. Rabid ideology of this order is a hell of a drug and I want nothing to with it.
"The thing that’s always weird about bodybuilders is if you look at just there face. It’s a normal persons face, they don’t have a ripped face."
Im honestly more jealous of the beard than the physique
Fake gym bros hit arms and chest Thursday night and carb up Friday to look good while they're out.
💪 thanks trying
His tricep looks like Pac-Man trying to eat the rest of his arm
"He’s the 2x MP Olympia champion, so I think his comment on crossing over to classic is more than likely just a joke/tease. It wouldn’t make much sense for him to cross over to a division where he would be much worse off, unless he was just doing it for fun after he was through with the Olympia"
"Yes! They could put the camera on a tripod and zoom so it captures the entire stage and literally let it run unattended. With 4K video becoming widely available even on smartphones, not to mention 8K on professional cameras, even by zooming in later in post production you would still have more than enough detail to pick and choose what parts you want to emphasize, without losing the big picture."
Nah
"Yeah, the cute twins I gave them up for adoption, idk what happened to that lone kitten though :( really liked him, she would take him with her outside and one day she just came back without him"
"How fucking dare you enjoy yourself at the gym? This ain't a leisure centre, this ain't a hobby, this is my career and you're all here to work around me. Now be quiet so I can yell on each of my reps, people need to be able to HEAR HOW MUCH IM FUCKING LIFTING"
"He's the top comment under Aarons singerman's post.
https://www.instagram.com/tv/CSpS3b-JmnR/?utm_medium=copy_link

Also Joe Bennet frequently posts on his ig story about how much he loves Ron Desantis and believes he's doing a great job governing Florida."
"I do flies dumbbells cables smith machine, my left side which isn’t winged is perfectly fine, I feel a stretch and squeeze but on my right size there’s nothing"
"Better conditioned than Kevin Levrone at the Mr. O, who said he cba coming in conditioned at his age"
Classic physique is cool IMO. Probably only because CBum is my idol.
"He’ll get love here, it’ll just be in blow job offers though"
You know I still love u
You look great! I say just improve your abs and calves.
"Yeah, it's just a small ""imperfection"", nothing major, and tbh what will make you more or less attractive is confidence, so gotta own up that acne :)"
"I agree, and so does the science. But I thought I would include options just out of curiosity."
I won in the end. I pushed through and smashed him with my gym bag.
I I love your story and I'm glad you shared it here.
It's time to die!
Ok sure but there’s a difference between using pull-ups/dips/lunges in a standard BBing routine and the kind of high rep bodyweight only circuits OP is talking about. If you just did pull ups you’d look like shit
"Ah okay, thanks for the advice bro. I'll go for isolate then"
Amazing answer
Glad you like the sound of it! DMed the recipe
"This is my personal bias towards these games, but I always recommend Fallout New Vegas, Mass Effect series, and dragon age origins. Those games set the foundation for my love of RPGs."
"What are the benefits of living outside, from a bodybuilder perspective"
"It's mostly like ""do this body weight workout for gains!"" 

or

""start working out to cure your mental illness, haha, you dont need medicine!""

You can have an amazing physique with just bodyweight, but doing gymnastics or military style training and not doing the banded bodyweight squats these girls are talking about. 

The mental health aspect is so dumb. It's very prevalent. I saw a therapist, ate correctly, weight trained, for years did everything correct and things never got better until I got on SSRI anti anxiety medication. If you're sick, go see a doctor, not an influencer. This mentality to cure mental anguish with weight training or alternatives to medicine is prevalent in the fitness industry, self help industry, and protestant church culture. It's fucked up."
like a damn science experiment
its easy eat lots of protein and lift. at that hieght/weight ratio it should be easy to begin with. DONT EAT FAST FOOD. Cook your meals. LIFT WEIGHTS
Very interesting
"What the fuck, this guy looks like a 3D rendering"
This is going to sound pretty pathetic- I’m back at my parents for a weekend to help out with some projects. Spent about 3 hours weedeating yesterday and today is tearing down and rebuilding a wellhouse. I’m already fucking sore and beat. Manual labor hits different when you work a desk job and rent an apartment that’s for sure. At least I’m “using my muscles functionally” and getting a tan.
Who wouldnt? :D
What weight do you usually use for the dumbbells?
"Yes I have but haven’t done it in a while… thanks for the reminder, imma reintroduce it"
Honestly I think the issue here is a couple of police officers with 'little man syndrome' they have a big guy in cuffs so thats the time to get a sly knee or jab in. A lot of people like this go into policing because they have some sort superiority complex.
"He's made some progress, but like you said he needs a lot more, he still has basically non-existent calves."
Saturday is the best day at the gym. Nobody else here and it’s push day babbbyyyy!
Well my first question is how the fuck wouldn't a person wake up when someone is ramming full fucking onions and garlic up your ass...my second question is can I watch
Nothing reminds me of how stupid I used to look in the gym like dyel teenagers strutting around and flexing in the mirrors with their barely defined muscles.
"Wish you good fortune , keep us updated! And yes you look pretty much done except the body parts u mentioned , there is still much potential left in glutes &amp; lower back.
Keep that smile on stage bro it makes a huge difference , looking like you love what you do and sympathetic 💯"
"Yes, but she looks like my brother's cat (which I REFUSE to call my ""nephew""), and he's super violent, so I'm doing some prejudicing right now."
I hope so since he's always cumming.
Yeah about 4-6 weeks and everything was coming back
"Goosebumps. My normie friends who knew the song from League of Legends but don't know a thing about BBing actually *enjoyed* it, that should tell you a lot.

[Link to the song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEZIYGN5HIo), it's a cover of a song Imagine Dragons made for a LoL World Championship"
Exactly. Thank you for the info
Lol imagine picking up heavy objects in a building for 2+ hours to escape the  p a i n  in life. Lol what losers. Totally can’t relate ...
"Looks like you could have fun in a boardshorts comp. Not because your legs are small or anything you look fine. 

The other person said you’ll never be ready enough or big enough. I agree, just go ahead and compete in whatever you want and see what feedback you get, see what the other guys come looking like, and you’ll learn what to do next time or if you even liked competing or if it’s worth it since you don’t plan on using anything. 

Have fun. I’ll never be as big as you, so you beat one guy already."
"Short answer. Yes. 

Everyone is different, but with the body doing so much recovery while you sleep, most likely you are suffering a bit there and with your testosterone levels."
Thanks man!
frozen berries? or fresh if you're made of money
I have a friend that trained for 5-6 months and he flat out said i want to look like the guys on instagram and i told him again and again look its not that its 1 cycle away from you (and it doesn’t help that the guy that was selling it to him gave him tren with no test base or pct or anything for 12 weeks) like even now there are times that i feel sad for him . Thankfully he’s perfectly healthy now
"Holy shit dude you're just now on week 4? Meaning you've been taking 1mg of adex/wk despite only being in week 2 or week 3 of your cycle? That's *terrible*.

Test cyp and test e take weeks to fully saturate, like 6+ weeks. You were taking an AI before the test even really started working it's magic (and aromatizing afterwards). Your e2 has got to be tanked man, ditch the adex and go get bloodwork asap."
Thanks babe
Thanks man
Good stuff! Side note: Why all these research jobs outside the US...damn.
True but we don’t know what goes on behind closed doors. My family thinks I’m full of myself and overconfident in my body when I actually hate how I look.
"My best friend passed at 23 a week out for a show. Enlarged hearts don't show up in bloodwork, but they do show up in autopsies. They also did him dirty and noted the shrunken testicles as the last thing in the autopsy"
Awesome story
"according to Big Ron, Flex had the better genetics but he outworked him. They’re both specimens obviously but I felt Ron was better."
"Thanks brotha. I’ll be sitting at 220 at this body fat LEAN, and that’ll be max for my classic physique weight cap :/ if I could, I def push for a 240-250 off-season in the future (not big enough for open and too tall for 212, but I KILL it in classic lol)"
"I've beaten the cable crunch

I max out the stack for 5x20

It's the only ab exercise I like :("
"Oh no he’s got stars your talk means shit on Reddit, you still don’t have pics and notice how you aren’t defending you legs once a week stance anymore. Because it doesn’t add up I do compete look it all started with a simple critique you let your ego get in the way and turned it into a fight that you lost. kick rocks bb hobbyist.."
I love not having to pretend to work at home
Thanks for inspiring me and being the voice of strength and tenacity when my own wasn't enough. I'm glad you were born.
Is this another pacjax clone? Getting banned from the sub really made that guy go insane. I saw him posting again the other day under new AAA accounts. So strange.
Body weight exercises for you my friend
"Usually tears happen when you're elongating the muscle, not when shortening it. Bodybuilders are all pretty damn strong so even though your muscles are trained enough to lift a certain weight you're still pushing what the human body is capable of.

Plenty of bicep tears happen while deadlifting. People will incorrectly engage their biceps to pull on the usually large amount of weight. With arms extended your biceps are completely elongated putting a ton of stress on the muscle and tendon. A clean muscle tear is the tendon tearing from the bone. Partial tears are usually the muscle itself  Cheat curls are another big one.

Then again you can have it happen with dumbbells as well though that's usually a much lower weight compared to something like a deadlift."
"A healthy dose of squats and deadlifts won’t hurt. Will help fill out your legs/low back. chest could use work also. 
Upper back and arms looking good though for sure."
What’s the worst that could happen? Worried about conflict or just trying to be polite and not fuck a mans fresh ex in his home?
You're welcome.
"Maybe try r/brogress, this is for competitive bodybuilding"
"Forget Instagram, everyone is now onlyfans famous"
"Do you also get excited at the prospect of;

*Secrets The Doctors Don't Want You To Know About!!1!*

By any chance?"
"Thanks man. Single arm lat pulldowns, chest supported tbar rows, cable rows, single arm straight arm lat pushdowns"
Anyone know a good training plan like wich muscle groups to do wich days. I have hockey on tuesday and wednesday so those days are not open.
This is like the perfect physique
Thank you! I appreciate the kind words.
"It's awkward at first, yeah, but you get used to it. Looks kinda cool too."
Ok ok. Now a different approach is needed sooner or later towards this “friend”. Will be figuring it out soon ;)
Lmao thanks!
Good thread
"Why hate to say it

Sounds like a hateful comment

You don't know him in real life so don't judge him"
No
Please sit on my face
"Bumstead being arrested for drug importing.

Ooooooo drama drama"
This was a set up and you fell for it nicely
"Thanks a lot, 183 cm (6 ft)"
"It depends, but generally I'd avoid this. Deadlifts are very physically and mentally draining, at least when they're reasonably close to failure, and doing high reps would further compound this.

Good mornings, RDLs, hip thrusts and hang pulls would be more recoverable, and have similar patterns of muscle recruitment. They would be much more suitable for high reps, IMO."
"The last week of bulking is weird.  Here I am getting dinner at Olive Garden, drinking 5 beers on a Monday, all while fantasizing about how awesome it'll be when I'm shredded in 12 weeks."
"Kind of a silly question. Why does it matter to you? And there's different types of blasts and cruises, some people cruise on half a gram others who care cruise on 100mg."
"Well it's too late for these shows lol, but hope to see you explode as soon as off season starts up. Threw a reminder in there to check your post history to hopefully see a peak week update. Great work so far!

Out of curiosity, how tall are your parents? Not many 6'1"" women out there, I'm assuming your dad's like 6'5"" and your mom 5'10"""
I remember both. Did Twisted delete a shit ton of his posts? I remember reading his weird rants back in the summer of '18. Often made my day a bit brighter laughing at his antics and the stories he'd concoct of his best friend and him getting up to no good!
"Look at the growth plates on that skull, geez"
"Do a clean recomp put on some more size and look for shows in the fall or whenever covid won't be a risk of shutting down another show, cause I ain't going through this again lol"
Gonna watch the best glutes in history video for old times sake
"Thank you very much, I will keep working on building myself up"
just do a pump week. high volume shit to make you look juicy while you're 'recovering'
I wish I was as big as you
Love using the Hammer Strength [Squat Lunge](https://www.lifefitness.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/Squat-Lunge-PL.jpg) machine for split squats. It stabilises you laterally without allowing you to use your arms to pull up (as would be the case if you're holding the side of a rack).
squats lol
"some people turn into an unwanted coach whenever you ask for a spot. just takes some time to find the right people in the gym you go to, who would spot properly and then just continue their workout."
Gravitus is great.
"The lats seem to be a lagging body part for sure, I feel like my arms could use a few inches on them too to get more classic 😤👀"
Yeah so many people like us.  I remember when I first ever started training.  My best mate was a pt.  he couldn’t believe how much I was affected by the scales.  Said I was worse than any female client so he stopped weighing me.  When I worked in gym all the guys and owners wanted me to compete.  Not in a million years would of been able to
Look f-Ing good but I think your right arm is much bigger than your left
"What are some of your favorite diet staples that doesn't include the normal meat, rice/potatoes, veggies combo?"
Id take having open gyms and no covid over HGH any day of the week
"Cool, i’d be interested to see them."
Thank you so much for your advice
"I agree with you. If I do the motion unweighted, I literally cannot get into a position that would have the bar resting on my clavicles. Not because of a lack of mobility, but physiology. Either my humerus would have to be longer, or my forearm shorter, because at the very bottom position, if my forearm is vertical, then my hand is higher than my shoulder. As far as I’m concerned, full range of motion is bar under chin. This may vary based on individual proportions."
"Oh don’t worry that was me just fucking around haha some douche decided to shit on me on things I don’t think are a weakpoint so I threw all that in there tongue in cheek. Appreciate the complement man! Definitely got blessed in that department, hoping to bring shape and conditioning to go for the win!"
That’s fair
You're so insecure I legit feel bad.
"Looking very Jurgen Klopp’d. I love it. 
But really. Looking great man."
"Anyone else get really bad acne + bacne from whey? At first I thought it was the milk so I switched to almond milk, but my skin still just shits and pisses in response to whey."
Matterhorn is Disneyland come on smh 😉
Thanks daddy
I wish I didn't learn about that either. I'm not one to kink shame but I don't understand how being overweight and unhealthy is attractive to some people.
Thank you for the kind words!
Crazy how his physique has evolved over the years.
I'd guess like 10-11%
Dude looks solid asf.
I have been doing month at the moment like this. Thought some workout plan would be good
"Leroy Davis, lol thought that name sounded familiar. 😂 😉

Never heard of the other two, but I'll have a closer look.
Dan has some dorian stuff on his IG. Good, goood...*rubs hands*"
This sub is great content
Yes 😈
Feel like Goodmorning work the top part of my hams and some ass. I’ll be honest i don’t really fuck with dead’s tho
I agree with you man I couldn’t date somebody who’s conservative and religious either
You look a little like Mark Hamill...but muscular.
"For some reason, most strength athletes seem to lean heavily to the right, wonder why that is."
He was definitely lifting because college basketball teams usually have well funded strength and conditioning programs but compare him to most other CBB players and you can tell he’s gifted
Making a compilation of your progress through camera roll slideshows is so god damn motivating. I made one for fun this morning and actually got hyped watching my progress through the years. Almost went and attempted a bench PR after.
"Damn, dude. Fucking nice work. Goes to show what you can do with some hard ass work"
No one is going to read it.... but they did read it. So you’re wrong. I know I’m not doing enough for my legs.  I’m clearly here asking for advice because I want to do better.
Thank you for the very thorough response. Would such drugs also help people who have residue gyno from puberty?
No worries and yeah probably the best bet since they are fairly detailed.
Bad boys 2 quote almost 😅
Thank you!
A lot of them are super awkward. Thank you 💪🏾🙏🏾
"Yeah i think he's cracked the code. Right now he's just gonna one-up himself for the next Olympia. I could imagine we'll be seeing alot of Ramy for a good while, hopefully."
"Yeah, I can see the logic behind that. And having shoulders on push day it's hard to go crazy on chest and still see progress on delts inside of the same session imo."
"My forearms are normally fine, they are just getting pumped as shit every time I do pulls of any kind as the gyms just opened two weeks ago and they aren't used to being worked like this. Both deadlifts, barbell rows and even romanian deadlifts are completely a-okay for me. There is just something about doing a wide-grip pulldown that just fills my body with dread. Everything else is fun, or feels great to grind through, but lat pulldowns? Just kill me.  


EDIT: My DL max is is 160kg with chalkless over/undergrip, and I do both over- and undergrip rows of 135lbs+, so my grip strength is fine also."
"It’s between Guy and Ben. I like them both but Iain, Nick, and James are just a tier above. Iain has to be my favorite."
"No one is saying you can't talk to people &amp; there's more ways to socialize besides a bar &amp; club. Besides, the eyes &amp; body language are what really put forth your intentions &amp; energy; speaking in a calm &amp; friendly tone will really help you socialize much more than you think. I studied this like a mf bc I'm terrible at communicating, &amp; my gf has a psych degree so I made sure I'm not just doing things.

Yes venue limits suck &amp; are gonna limit social networking but it's not that hard to be friendly &amp; social with something covering your mouth."
Lol underrated
"The best way to adapt to the cold so you don’t have the adverse shaking/shock reaction is practice with hot to cool or just cool first, then progress to hot/cold or cold. I do contrast(really hot to freezing cold) or just cold to recover, sucked at first but now I look forward to them. Also do sauna to freezing shower at my gym sometimes."
"make sure to keep us posted man, id be really curious to see how your shows go! your posing doesnt look horrible, but im sure youve got a posing coach by now to help out ya?"
"Just do it. One bad week won't make a difference in the long run, especially one where you still got 3 quality training sessions in."
"No, the actual sternum. Mine pokes out and before i started bodybuilding it was very pointy and very noticeable"
thanks
"Sitting here playing bf1 at 3am cuz I'm trying to keep my nightshift schedule. Dudes who work night shift, when do you work out? Before work just seems horrible but I'm so drained in the morning."
Dry scooped some yogurt. Feeling like a manimal.
"Yes, it does actually. He's given objective feedback, all you've done so far is attack him for it."
"The idea of posting an informative fitness video is down the shitter these days but I guess more intermediate to advanced lifters are more likely gonna watch YouTube drama videos than ""how to diet for beginners"" videos"
"Thanks for the response.

I was doing 4x10 245lbs trap bar with about 1 breath between reps and then a 30 second break after 5 reps, and then 4 minutes between sets. (Really wasn’t hard muscular wise, just the lightheadedness sucks)

My max is 500lbs for 3 reps, would you say I need less than maximal bracing for the 4x10 245? Don’t wanna fuck up my back 

How many seconds (or breaths) would you suggest to take between each rep?"
My fat intake is really low. I find it easier to create a caloric deficit if i lower my fat intake. And when im deep in a cut i mainly crave carbs
Winner and Cbum is what bodybuilding should be!
Nice dong
If wrestling is fake then why is Owen Hart dead?
"hey my gym buddy, who's pretty jacked, was telling me  about his routine German Volume Training (something like that) where its like 10 sets of 10 reps. anyone ever mess with that kinda routine?"
"Damn, Justin Timberlake got jacked"
"I dated a fitness competitor 20 years ago and damn, she was amazing. This is just too much!  She could smash me. HULK LADY SMASH!"
And my tren addiction has no relation to my psychosis and thirst for traps.
"I recently discovered how easy it is to make biscotti. I also realized how simple it is to make protein biscotti and it not be like rubber because it's a hard cookie. Win in my book.

It's currently 3 AM and I'm craving chili cheese fries."
"It's all good man, I didn't take it as a personal attack. Just a healthy internet debate.

That being said, the piriformis is located under your mid/upper glute. A bigger piriformis will make a bigger upper glute visually, even if it is a separate muscle technically. A bigger butt is the goal, so it was not misinformation so much as misinterpreted information.

To counter Paul Carter's thoughts, Brett Contreras is a big proponent of banded glute work, and he knows his stuff where building butts is related.

I like my banded hip thrusts and I have what I consider to be a decent ass, so I'm gonna keep at it. Again, just try new things and see what works for you!"
Dude did you miss all the Mitt Romney’s horse jokes?
"Instagram f4f? lookin to get more out in the community there so I'm not just spamming my irl mutuals w content. Mostly powerlifting stuff but occasionally i'll get a lil gay w it

@Nurbanski54"
"I agree it would be inconvenient for someone to do this and limit others, but my gym isn’t usually busy at all. Empty gyms almost every other session."
come join me bro
you are looking your best every day
Mofos are taking SARMs these days like it is Bcaas lol.
Pretty much what I said
"I will swear by my Bose noise cancelling over the ears. Paid $350 for them literally 5 years ago and they still work brand new. The ear muff part started peeling about 6 months ago so I bought replacements for $15 on Amazon and they’re back to normal. I didn’t need to replace them, they still worked just fine it was for aesthetics. 10/10 from me."
When you fuck up the plate math and end up with a new PR
This is terrible advice lol
Alright buddy keep blasting 💥
Sounds nice to not have to share benches to sit on
"What I like: dips. 

Do I have a big chest: not even close. 

Make of that what you will."
Yes. I’m taking so many stimulants I might die. I have been getting a refeed every 3-4 weeks or so. It’s gotten to the point where they just speed things up enough to make me drop weight faster. I lost 4lbs in the last week and I did get a refeed of sushi. It’s been pretty nutty but I’m looking forward to being done with everything after next weekend.
What the hell kind of job is that lmao
How many times do you eat lol. 900 calories is crazy.
"Like you said earlier, anyone can do a short term study and see no side effects, it’s the long term stuff that can be dangerous, and when a vaccine hasn’t been out very long, it’s kinda worrying. And no, being hesitant to get a vaccine doesn’t make someone “not an intellectual”. In that case, I feel like your referring to a large amount of African Americans as that, considering minorities are the least vaccinated."
Good luck dude!
"At 10% you should be able to clearly see the outline of your abs while not flexing, and they should come together tightly like cbum’s tight ass hole flexed."
"It's a little hard to tell due to the off-season water/fat, but it looks like he's put on some size in his arms, delts and lats to me. His adductors also seem to have exploded, at least in the first pic, although that might be partially due to the pose. Thoughts on his progress?"
Delts and upper body looks great. Mid back could use some work legs look solid but need a lot more size lats are wide chest is good. You’ll smash it man keep going
What a fucking clown. He wishes he could accomplish 5% of what these two have accomplished in bodybuilding and powerlifting.
"Sounds gay. I'm in. 

Oh shit I'm a godless heathen I'm not invited."
Thank you! Chest is for sure my weakest body part. Gonna be trying hard to bring that up in the future!
Thank you! Giddy up
"Yeah he needs to chill. You weren't out of line at all. If you had called him dumb or told him how to live, that's crossing a line, you didn't do that."
No problem man!  Good luck and don't beat yourself up too much.  Take it as a learning experience!
Because I am a mere mortal pretending to be a demigod.
He's gonna get mogged HARD. 180ish lbs standing next to 240-260lbs dudes?
"Thanks, I'll definitely take both of those points into account when I plan this meso out"
"I'd be surprised if Jay is actually 5'10"". He's HUGE but definitely came across as shorter in person."
"For a literally infinite time, yes absolutely 💯"
"Anyone have favorite stretches for neck/shoulders/traps and upper back area? I’m googling it too, just a lot of medical shit/unexperienced articles"
no lol
"You are right, the time between cutting and distribution is too long. Tomatoes and such are more expensive by many degrees though. Dang"
"Hey guys can u help me about my programming
I'm doing metallicadpa's ppl for 4-5 months
I want to deadlift more (it says 1x5 once a week)
can I do 3x5 once a week 
OR
1x5 twice a week (on second pull day)"
Wintersoldier got buff as fuck
Worked a weird shift two hour shift feel weird going to the gym training back with lenny and brad feeling strange the sun is very bright ate some salmon for breakfast unfortunately scared about quality and mercury level shook the pan to get a nice sear going maybe a little raw on the inside scared about food poisoning. sun in florida getting really bright burning hot not like the old days sun was better bodybuilding and bag boying was better im a lost sole lost and wildering i need better job might try zip cart again. ok peace out bye.
Ahh it's hard to sense the sarcasm the way you worded it. It's all good!
If you squint it looks like you have a full smaller portrait over your back
My gym be like “no slamming weights” and then don’t give people bumpers to use when they deadlift.
"Hi, you look like a regular malnourished kid who is somewhat active. That means you look like shit for fitness standards and like a complete joke for bodybuilding standards. Go eat something and come back in 3 years. Good luck."
I also said prevention retard
"Not sure about op but I have pre pubertal gyno and I can distinctly remember when it started (13-14) there was definitely a period of time wher it felt exactly as you describe. But at a certain point it levels out and they just feel like normal nips. I’m guessing gear induced gyno feels like when you first get it, constantly"
Ayyye nice! I had a similar story but not I do strongman instead of bodybuilding
"aweeeee man, missed the height and weight.  Looking good BB appreciate the rear glue spread you cheeky bastard"
No you got it all wrong. What you do is attach yourself to her until the ego stroking stops making you feel good and move on to the next person who makes you feel good about ur self. rinse and repeat bb.
Oh nice. Gives me hope
Can we take a moment to appreciate how amazing dorian yates is?
"Been there, done that, very glad you didn't just give up after feeling the pain and found a way to get your training in around it.  Good stuff man."
"Doubt there would be any real difference, maybe only if calories are that you want to max out on micronutrients with every meal."
Ok
"I'm talking like a can a day, not making 3 meals of it, but even that seems discouraged by some sources."
"Fuck these replies lmao you paid for a service and got shafted, exchange them"
Your life matters.
"Is it really a cheat meal if you end up eating so many donuts you throw up 30 minutes later and don't eat for the rest of the day, or is it an eating disorder?"
"Hell nah, id consider a finger tho thats suppose to be nice, or so ive heard."
No thx I'll stick with my Viagra
"Those are great, but I also like chasing leg press with walking lunges for a similar ""please let me die"" sensation."
I don’t think it would speed up muscle growth but it might make you less sore. I know some people have had good luck with feeder workouts and this is sort of similar? Might as well try but be very careful to not cut into recovery.
I got SIGNIFICANTLY better results taking an approach of working up to one top set to failure and a back off set to failure
Looking solid my man. Saw you on Fouad's podcast last month. Wish you well at your upcoming show!
Stop being weird just use something thats straight sugar ie candy/Gatorade powder
Technically you could increase your girlfriend press ORM faster by making her lose weight than by you increasing OHP
"Why would your landlord care about the size of the dog you buy?  

Is he concerned it's not gonna fit in the oven or something?  

Just chop it up and roast it piece by piece, no big deal..."
It as to be ronnie or phil. Hell even roden beats bumstead. Also Haney and flex
"I’m 6’7 and have trouble in my back when high bar squatting. 

I train squats for hypertrophy and train using low bar squats as my back feels better.

From research I have found out that high bar squatting is better for hypertrophy gains.

Are these benefits that noticeable? Should I switch to high bar squats? How do I stop having lower back pain when performing high bar squats.

My quad training mainly consists of 2 weekly squat session:
1. 12 Reps by 7
2. 8 Reps by 8"
"training natty sucks if you have high expectations

you aren't using a food scale to track food

you aren't weighing yourself every day

you're probably training like a pussy and leaving reps on the table every session"
this one is low quality relative to what he usually sends me
"Amino acids, the building blocks of protein, contain nitrogen."
Just eat like normal person
"I don't think people realize how repetitive their Instagrams are sometimes. Jazz it up, babes."
"My favorite thing on these types of posts are the ones who comment ""YoU'Re WaStInG tImE cOmPetEiNg."" and ""YoU hAvE nO lEgS."" never have any physique posts themselves........... 

Anyways, taper is sick, dig for conditioning and do the show."
"This is insane, it’s like looking at a back using a fish eye lens"
I would love to see u run u have to look so buffed.
so maybe like 450 or thereabouts?
Nah one look at the forearms and back and you can tell he’s jacked
ty bb X frame one day
"Any easy to follow guides on how to become a better cook for meatheads? For years, I've always just put salt, pepper, garlic, and Italian seasoning blends on most my meals. I'm getting kinda sick of it, and want to actually learn to cook with some finesse"
God or no God I still want it 🙏🏻
Definitely gonna need more size at 10 weeks out.
"He’s super tough, so he hasn’t said it, but he knows I could be leaner. He also put me on a 16 week prep which I honestly should’ve done a 12 week. This is my last show anyways for a few years while I get my life together. Prep has cost me a lot and not just money."
Faaaaack I’m hungry donuts sound amazing. Have one in my name thx
"Lmao thank you bb. I mean you legit have to, I told her as much also."
"Gear, protein and pick up heavy shit"
"yes, i like build my body"
"Thanks for the explanation. This helps a lot, and I’ll try out both variations next time I lift."
"Damn you're tall, but 240 is no joke tbh. And definitely, not having the chance to overthink and just sticking to the plan helps, even more if you trust your coach."
IS THIS STUPID FOR DB PRESSES AND FLYES
Noob gains
fucktard
youre an expert on ugly with them ugly ass Yeezys huh
"Yeah I'm wondering what would be best for me in my situation, especially with my limited equipment. I've seen this PHAT program suggested for 5-day but I'm not sure how well that works with a home gym."
Get good at treating them like dirt and they will come around
https://youtu.be/QTgbiLMDnWQ :)
"The VG (""side glute"") is a great spot to pin BUT different people like different locations, especially spending on the volume of oil being injected. I just stick to the quads and delts because it's literally painless and I feel nothing. Daily injections of 0.425ml of 200mg/ml test cyp is nothing delts can't handle (and quads can take whatever you throw at them)

This Summer I'll probably be injecting a lot more oil and will have to avoid the delts."
"No, he’s way too small"
playing Mario 64 is the only acceptable excuse for leaving us for two weeks.
"IMO he looks as good as Zane here:

[https://www.reddit.com/r/nattyorjuice/comments/badmoj/is\_eric\_helms\_left\_guy\_natty/](https://www.reddit.com/r/nattyorjuice/comments/badmoj/is_eric_helms_left_guy_natty/)

Should work more on his chest. (Interest in chest development seemed to have declined in the last two decades)

He also looks harder than Zane in the original post, which will shrink muscle mass dramatically. If you are natural, the step from 7% to 5% is huge."
I mean if someone is truly being a dick just tag me or hit report. I’m all for deleting bullshit.
"Are you retarded? I was asking a question not complaining about anything, dumbass"
"*Oh, oh no Doc, you need me to lose some weight?*

:starts unzipping Doc's snugly fitting pants:

*How about you and I get some cardio in right now? That's good for burning a few calories, right, Doc?*

:start rubbing on Doc's bulge that's growing with every stroke:

*Do we need to put a do not disturb sign on the exam room door, or will the nurses leave us alone?*

:Drops down to the knees and gags on Doc's cock: shlrupr slhlurp shlurp shlrurpp *mmm Doc, I love burning calories, thanks for the suggestion* :shlurp:"
"Lol, I'm not sure why they thought we'd agree with them. This is obviously natty attainable, not to discredit your progress though, good work.

If your physique wasn't natty attainable there'd be no point in working out unless you were planning to take gear"
But what if we like sending pics of our butt. What do we get then?
"That's no arm, it's a space station"
"It’s hard but I guess just chase the pump man, keep blood moving and even split half your workout into mobility stuff which will help you when you go back to heavy lifting"
I’ve managed to stay strong for over 10 hours at this point. Only about 710 to go…
"I'm sorry, this is a place for grindr tips"
We need more pics to give you an honest opinion. A progress picture from the side with clothing covering a majority of your physique isn't telling at all. Congrats on your fitness journey
Thank you!
"You’re welcome. Don’t put the plates on top of your feet, place it under your heels to get a slight elevation and you will notice your ankle mobility improve and you should be able to drive through your heels and the outstep of your foot."
Nah which sucks cause I was planning to propose 😔
My one supporter hey. Read through the comments loser.
Happy pill + maybe some energy
"yea, but that tight ass in them leggings are calling you"
your first cycle is meant to be a bulk so cut first
What a shit answer. I'd expect more from a sub dedicated to bodybuilding than some one who doesn't even lift posting this pointless shit.
"If the same guy wins both Men's Physique and Classic Physique, isn't there something wrong with one of the divisions?"
"Mostly because it feels like you're being grilled opposed to having a conversation. Just asking why doesnt create a very good volley of ideas, it's just a mild pestering. 

I hate it when people ask me a question, then don't comment on that but immediately ask me another question. It makes me feel like they're not listening at all or engaging in the conversation. Or perhaps theyre specifically trying to guide the question to something else, which I really hate. Don't ask question A B and C just to set up question D ""gotcha bitch"" moment, just straight up ask question D."
"If you want to be upset, there will be reasons to be upset. Trolls trolling trolls."
Do I go for a multivitamin tablet like Optimen? or should I just buy the vitamins separately which matter the most?
Is that real? Can you acutaly buy peds like that casual at a store?
"Iain's awesome, always honest, he knew Nick was gonna win and wasn't a bitch about it. Also knew he could go for second and judging by those shots he did look better at night"
Haha well thank you sir. Hopefully the last few areas come in and I'll be ready well ahead.
"Best word of advice imo is to just follow a standard programme that knows what it's doing, anything that follows 5/3/1 principles is good"
"It's worth getting a posing coach. And a good one. Which obviously goes without saying but a lot of posing coaches will teach you how they pose, not how to pose on what looks best for you. You want the latter of course so just something to be aware of when you're looking for one."
Imagine getting downvoted saying that lol people in denial
Cardio on lifting day? No problem. Cardio on rest day? Dragging my feet to go to the gym.
"They are difficult to find, a lot of people just buying used it seems"
"Not mature, check his videos and Instagram and other people surrounding him. He's clearly gone through a substance induced psychosis."
"Yes, try to grab the dumbbells with an inward offset (Closer to your body if that makes sense to you). Add more weight after you got used to it which can take a few tries because you have to focus more on stabilization."
Good genetics? Like X-Men?
"Finasteride blocks the conversion of testosterone into the more potent DHT. By blocking this conversion, finasteride prevents male pattern baldness / hair loss. The chances of side effects are seemingly quite low. But having done a lot of research, tho finasteride would help me (balding rapidly in my early 20s and it’s ruining my life), the potential side effects outweigh the benefits. Firstly, finasteride was originally used for prostate related conditions. 5mg finasteride (Proscar) reduces the size of the prostate. 1mg Finasteride (typical dosage for hair loss) is not as high of a dose but if I’m not mistaken still decreases the size of the prostate. I personally think we don’t have enough of an understanding to know how changing the size of such an important organ affects the rest of the body (complex systems where everything is interconnected). Furthermore, finasteride can cause ball ache, weaker erections, watery semen, loss of libido, and even changes to sperm DNA in many men. Most of these side effects are temporary and will stop when you stop taking finasteride but for a considerable amount of unlucky people, they’ve persisted for up to 5 years after discontinuing treatment and sometimes indefinitely. There’s increasing evidence of this, referred to as “post finasteride system”. There’s not many double blind peer reviewed studies etc but absence of evidence doesn’t necessarily mean evidence of absence. Given all of these, plus my general risk management principles (not taking anything that we don’t understand fully &amp; affects complex systems [hormones/organ function etc]), I personally wouldn’t risk it. The chances of something going wrong are small but the impact is very high.

Personally if I were you I’d look into using minoxidil 5% solution (Rogaine). And if you’d like, perhaps look into combining that with micro-needling. There’s growing evidence that when the two are used in combination, it’s multiple times more effective than just one of those alone. Will ink to an interesting study on it below. Minoxidil has far fewer side effects, certainly none relating to hormones etc. Risk with micro-needling is if you do it yourself at home, don’t sterilise properly, and give yourself a nasty infection. Minoxidil alone might be enough for you! I’d strongly strongly disagree with your doctor. Many doctors (respectfully) don’t know enough about finasteride and are a bit trigger happy with it. Good luck and lmk if you have any more questions!

The study: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3746236/"
Thank you
Wouldn't it make more sense if shawn raped rami if that was the case?
Cheers buddy ✊🏽
You got Fight Milk there?
honestly works IME
"And one of the best ways to kick start that 'stomach training' is to try and eat *something* the minute you wake up. Like, right away. This kicks your metabolism in gear and is a great way to ensure you'll be hungry for breakfast again, then lunch, then second lunch, etc..

If eating right away make you nauseous, then drink a glass of milk the second you wake up."
"I don’t wanna sound dramatic, but I would die for that orange kitten"
"Thankfully I’ve never had endo or severe cramping with my period, D&amp;C’s on the other hand...."
That’s horrible and fucked up. Let’s make it so people are unhealthy and unfit when there’s a virus going around.
"Yo man thanks alot I appreciate it, I rarely hear compliments from people, my friends just shit on me for not having abs and shit, but keep going at it you'll make it !!"
"I find it sad how the fitness industry for women is so unrealistic. Women who get Brazilian butt lifts and passing it off as ""all natural from mY pRoGrAm"""
Good luck homie
"Feelin pretty good. Still in the early stages of my cycle. As of right now it’s:
350 Npp/week
400 test e/week 
4 units HGH (daily)
With some aromasin and caber. 

https://imgur.com/a/dmATPrU"
Then go watch natural bodybuilding lol
"its true lol, u could literally google it instead of saying its bullshit"
"To all my barber Bros, what clip number is usually the top of a buzz? Getting bored of my current hair and might just shave it off with a fade"
Fuck you
Had to be so hard not to choose the joocy timeline
It's the pipedream for sure.
You fucker! Him Arnie and Tom hanks are the only two Hollywood people me and my wife have said we would be genuinely sad about hearing bad news about. 10/10 bait!
Thanks!
I like the 265 look as well as the 162 look! Great job bro!
Maybe 30 in two years. I just gained steady 10 every year. Really depends
"It *is* rejection, just often rejection that also leaves just enough of a hint of something that your brain isn't sure and might cling at some level to not being rejected and that can cause problems


The solution is to just be so much of  massive turn off that no one wants you anyway, so maybe wear socks with sandals or something, do it in the gym even or just all of the time. Problem solved, you'll never have to friend zone anyone again ahaha"
A Paul Dillet fan also.. I presume?
"There are a number of female competitors and hobbyists here.  We don't have a way to distinguish them by user name, but they are here."
Why the fuck not
Kind of like how you are telling everyone you were 245. With not an ounce of muscle. Then you cut 50 lbs to 190. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
"That page always posts such dumb comparisons , but hey they get the clicks and followers"
"Mid day update because I know everyone cares *so* much: https://imgur.com/a/byq3tOC

I ate 3 donuts pre workout and 3 donuts post workout. Guess which body parts I hit today?

I will finish the dozen by tonight for my full cheat day (with other healthier meals of course). Carb cycling rules. 

The pump in the gym was absolutely insane, and the glycogen rebound already filled me back out after slamming the donuts. This picture is about an hour and a half post workout. Being lean makes pumps so so much better."
"Sounds good man! A way to know it is doing AMRAP sets (as many reps as possible) in the exercises that allow it from time to time, so you know how the failure feels, and you can have a reference of how many reps you can get with a certain weight. The rest of the time you should aim to be something along 1-3 reps away from failure. 

Nonetheless, it sounds like you may be doing too much volume if you're training 6 day and with so many sets and exercises. You can train 6 days if you like it but it will be more productive not doing as many sets and focusing more in each one, you want to stimulate the muscle, not annihilate it. Doing something like 10-12 sets per week for big muscle groups and 8-10 for smaller ones is a good place to start."
You mean prolonging the cut?
Why no cardio in the evening?
I lifted at an Anytime Fitness over the summer and it was okay for the time that I was there but want to see some other options. I'm not against chains completely just would prefer a non-chain if possible.
"Agreed. My 295 and 275 right before was far better, no shitty heal movement or anything but thats also because i was focusing on it alot. I just really wanted to get 315 over with because i literally felt i couldnt live with the fact that i couldnt hit it. Next step is working on form, not going up in weight again"
"Yes, and water."
also are u sure ur 5'7? the pics make you look closer to 5'10
"Awesome, thank you I'll check them out."
"i was super sore after both, took day off"
It's true. We also either have the ability to grow a lush beard or nothing. I am 34 but routinely mistaken for early 20s.
Calm down bro
"I accidentally benched with a 2.5 plate on one side and a 5 on the other the other day. Still alive, thank God."
To warmup all I do is just sit outside for a little bit and I’m ready to go. Also I can justify walking as cardio over running because it’s too hot for that shit
"Hope you feel better tomorrow, friendo."
Im more than sure that your probably correct on this . But this dude bought 10 days worth of test for 8-10$(like 5g of test for 10$) lol
Yes since your left pec muscle is working double and your right shoulder is backing up the right pec to make it catch up with the stress added onto it
"More like dry socket. Who cares about the bleeding, dry socket sucks mad penis from what i've heard."
"Thats awesome, how much are these? Curious as I might need a new car as my boot does not open."
"bruh u gotta look into CBT, your shit is fucked up"
"I understand, thanks man for being honest"
Delts in the back double look ridiculous
Absolutely I agree. I’ve got a solid year of obsessive researching on diet and training and consider my knowledge higher than most. You think I should just have more overall experience? Because once I start I can’t just stop
tired of feeling lost 😖
"At 0:19, he looks great and he knows it."
"Robert Timms was my favorite physique in the CPD division when it first started, very cool to see him back"
Muscle memory is a beautiful thing
Gotcha. Don’t be afraid to ask for help if you ever need it
Nice to hear its doable long term
"Yeah, I just figured it time to do something serious about it. I've been way worse than normal lately, and I just want some relief at this point in any way I can get it that won't fuck me up."
100% of people I’ve ever seen who want to “even out” a body part just need to focus on total development. Asymmetries are just part of being a human. We use our body asymmetrically so it will develop and adapt asymmetrically
Nice one! Time to get a weekly subscription to Pleasers™ 🙌
"I’d love to see James place high, top 6, he’s such a stand up dude and really carries himself with a certain class. It’s a tough line up with loads of potential speculation to be made! I think Ramy will take the O again, 2/3 up for grabs between Brandon and Hadi, 4th through to 10th could be any number of guys, it’s all going to come down to the night to see who comes in on and who slips up."
Phill looks like he jackes off with his left hand 6 times a day
Any reason behind the lack of visuals from the center sternum down? Some belly flab possibly?
Appreciate it!
"Thanks brother, I am always curious to hear what other tall guys do diet-wise. Keep up the hard work man"
"For TRT the top of the reference range is preferred, because if you’re already pinning yourself why not be at the top?

As a natural, the difference between 500 and 900 probably wouldn’t be noticeable at all, unless you have a low libido maybe. But for muscle building, meh not really. When my natural T was 209, I could build muscle without an issue really, except I could not cut without losing it and maybe my nutrient partitioning was a little worse. 

In the big picture, you’re really splitting hairs. Just eat train and sleep"
"Yeah, That's what I was trying to know, whether if it's just my experience at least shared by a few others."
"Nice work, bb. Looking at your third pic, your calves are overpowered by the rest of your legs. And for some of your FDB pics, forearms could use more size too."
Same. When I first started lifting I hated dumbbell rows but now they’re one of my favourite exercises.     My issue was not letting the shoulder blade protract on the eccentric and rowing to my chest instead of to my hips.
The amount of assholes and trolls in this app are on another level! Wow!
Stay safe.
"Yes, a lot of the pros start even earlier, even before 20, but its obviously not optimal for your health. But when youre that young you usually dont care too much for your health, and all you see is your goals and doing what you can to achieve them
I still advice against it as such young age"
"Rest your wrist. Wrist injuries are a bitch and can take forever to heal. You could easily have fractured one of the small bones in your hand, and they have very limited blood flow so can take a long time/never actually heal without intervention. I went through this recently. See a doctor/physio, rest rest rest, and don't look for alternatives."
"It's good that you caught this. Seriously, that's not even close to a good photoshop.  What kind of poor judgement does someone have to have to post something like this."
Project colossus is kicking my ass so far
Clown lying about his weight. Where is the proof of you even getting 6th?
How to replace dumbbell incline flyes? **Using dumbbells**? Would be hex incline press fine?
"Gotcha, gonna be painful to not eat everything in sight"
ok
"Ok cool, thanks. Sounds like an interesting plant."
Does the Pope wear a funny hat?
looking good!! can we see the back?
Walnut of Doom makes me think of the prostate my guy.
Fucking savage. Peanut butter must be consumed down so the level remains as even as possible. You monsters just recklessly gouging scoops out disgust me.
"The backside of a hand from 3 years ago, not everyone has sausage fingers. I bet even I've put more work in in these past 3 years than you in a decade. Piss off boomer and come back when you can find a relevant diss"
Idk
"God damn, man, Living the dream there haha :D"
"It's neat. If I don't stay on top of it, I lose shoulder mobility quickly and this helped a ton this week."
"No problem! Point is you would be all the weeks you have already been plus the following cycle on test, and generally as the time you are with exogenous test increases, the difficulty or length of the recovery can increase too. Not that it will necessarily happen but it's a possibility."
To the bloke who recommended using the v bar attachment for overhead tricep extensions yesterday... i got the juiciest tricep pump today by using that as a finisher. Definitely a new tricep must have for me 😍😍😍
"&gt;would appreciate it greatly if you guys can give some pointers 


Wake up earlier"
I most certainly didn't! Thanks a bunch
"Shit I’m 31, 6’2, 220 trying to get down to that 187 mark and we’d probably look similar. Ideally I’d like to be 200-205 @ 10% bf but right now to hit 10% bf I’d probably have to be high 170s or low 180s. 

I’ve stopped cutting too many times because I started losing strength. This time it’s not about the strength, just about cutting the fat, and doing what it takes to get that low. There will be time later in life to add some size back, but not till I’m 10%"
"Give more constructive criticism dude. What do you think he needs to do to better it? If your answer is “I don’t know”, than I don’t think you should comment something like this, at least not without exclaiming that you don’t know how to improve it."
"Great game face !  You mean business

Or are your undies too tight?"
"The greatest in the history of sports lmao? 
I think my favs are sweetness, iron mike, prime time, and big papi."
"Thanks a lot for the input, I’ll keep that in mind for sure."
I’m so confused as to what you’re trying to say
You see a lot of corny shit on this sub lol
Too violent for a duel to the death
This is a new one lol
Thank you!
Damn
Hunger be damned how does the man have any energy?!
Good info. I’m really tall so that’s just the terms I use idk if they’re accurate for everyone or not
Regular because I’m crazy cheap and I can use it to make yogurt
Yoo that middle guy waist is nuts
I practice intermittent fasting and pretty much consume my calories around my workout (to keep performance up). I'm like 8 hours into my fast by the time I go to bed 🙃 might have to switch it up a little
"We've all been there, sucks a bit but learning our limits is good too! Now you more or less know how much alcohol is too much haha."
define good.
"Nice, always happy for an upgrade."
"Way better than modern dance, beautiful"
"I'd love to fuck and marry a banana nut milkshake right about now, I'd almost kill just to have a taste of one! They sound amazing!"
"Hey brother,

I'm pretty sure your abs really aren't showing. That's the top of your ribs showing.

If you want your abs to show, you need to lose some fat/lean out from where you are now until they're showing."
"Wonderful progress bb, keep it up. Looking thicc ( ͡ʘ ͜ʖ ͡ʘ)"
"Yeah I put together some program based on his Free 28 bundle + some accessory progression I stole from Bromley. It’s been good but I swear after like a few weeks of focusing on strength I want to run a JM program, after a few weeks of JM I want to get back to the heavier weights. Fook me m8. Gonna ride out this 28 bundle program and eventually hit some Avalanche after I PR."
If youre overweight you have nothing to worry about. You won't start catabolizing muscle tissue until you're very lean. Any weight you lost was fat or glycogen
How long are yalls training blocks normally? I was thinking 6 weeks is a good number but would love to hear your guys' opinions
"Yeah, lols better stay away from steroids, I saw a post on Sunday of some guys who posted his picture here and he had some weird nipples, lols might be on some shit,"
"Oh, now I understand lol that's a good one"
Ok so if it comes out that it does remember this comment
"He’s stopped in a couple times, I haven’t seen him lately tho"
I hate the rise of so called fitness influencers. Not only is the market overly saturated now but every 18 year old on sarms with a half decent physique is giving out advice like they actually know what they are doing. Fucking tiktok.
Haha yeah but they aren't the same person
"only one more day of the cut, thank fuck. down like 27lbs in 17ish weeks and didnt really lose a noticeable amount of strength or lean mass, but damn im starving."
Oh sorry for the confusion I do shoulders every day
"Tired traps or lats will hurt lockout, are they sore or tired?

Biceps should not be involved in the deadlift, if they are then you are deadlifting wrong."
Bean is so cute 😍
I hope so too. I really like the guy!
The U.S. curling team just looks like a group of dads getting ready to grill and drink some beers.
"The problem with that is I can't get to the gym at the weekend, so if I started on a Wednesday then Tuesday would be chest + back, and Wednesday would be back day. I guess I could do chest + back in Monday, arms on Tuesday, and then start the program on Wednesday."
So let me get this straight. The rest between sets on CD2 pump days are 1 minute unless John notes otherwise right?
Yeah
Yeah the plan is to step off the gas and cruise a bit and then hit another moderate cycle and really try to bring up my back/hamstrings
By like the 15th attempt to swipe I finally get it
"Yes, for the same reason i started concentrating more on the form and depth of my squat and tried pausing at the bottom. In hopes that it aids the weight increment… i will be more patient…"
"0.5x bodyweight per hand with good form and full rom. But I’m fat and don’t even meet my own goal of respectability, I’m working on it at .36x per hand now."
"dude just because we all tease each other and talk about the latent homoeroticism in the sport, it's not a license to go full retard and actually ask about gay bodybuilder's intimate times you sick fuck"
"thats nearly as low as me after a sarm cycle and i felt like shit, depressed,no energy etc. get some trt bro :) Or atleast check why you have low test. check LH etc"
"It sounds fucked up, but for me it's basically just ""Let me make it through today and if I still feel like this tomorrow then I'll just go ahead and relapse"" and, well, when tomorrow gets here things are either better or I've found a better way to cope by then. But in full disclosure I also take a lot of kratom and that kills most urges too."
:(
Wonder if he ever got 99 attack
Why do they do that? Night is the best time to train during the pandemic.
I like chocolate chip.
Shreddy Wap - Trap King
"OMG! You are gorgeous, I wish I had a body like yours!🥰"
Hell yes. I just started my home gym   Had to get a smaller rack due to having low ceilings in the garage. But as soon as I get a few more things I will be cancelling my LA fitness membership and I can’t fucking wait
Terrible genetics
Thanks for the advice. Diet has always been my problem and I have even able to stay this lean year round eating whatever fast foot and stuff I want. But I do need to change
"Why does Reddit have such a problem with personal accountability?
If you see an influencer lie and you follow their foot steps etc and are disappointed with the results that’s not anyone’s fault but the moron following a social media icon."
Lol true
Thanks man
You look exactly like the OG fitness guy Timbahwolf
You “can hear” whatever the fuck people say but it doesn’t make it true. The top guys are absolutely using tren and absolutely using higher doses than they admit.
Sick man. Can you go over what you were eating?
Hammer curls on the preacher bench are good too.
What’s up you glorious heaps of mass. Made a new account after stepping away from Reddit. Now when I try to comment in subs I need damn permission - I’m humbly asking for ~50 karma. Figured I’d rather ask friends here than try to shit post my way there elsewhere. Stay big and beware of Baizuo
And also it seems like Hassan is 3 weeks out again. Big sad
"I disagree. There’s more muscle gain at work than the gym. The gym is a casual place where you just workout for 30 seconds than rest for 10 mins. At work, you need to workout more intense and constant than at the gym. That forces ur mind and body to adapt to harsher situations, forcing your body to produce more muscle (this is called getting used to the job). Eating is overrated. Just eat enough. Recovery is the most important."
I like ya cut G
Lookin great dude.  That’s a good weight to be that lean at. And at 19 that’s quite the accomplishment. Keep it up!
"It doesn't matter. It's literally the one thing you can't control, compare your execution and results to others and you'll see but what the fuck do people expect to happen? Will you quit if someone says you have bad genetics? If so, quit anyway, you're gunna need more mental strength or motivation than that. 

Some of the Goats didn't look like anything special to begin with or before juice, there are 100 other factors that go Into bodybuilding successfully, ignore genetics as it can ONLY ever be used as an excuse, and excuses don't belong in this sport."
"With such strong muscles, it's a pity not to move bricks"
Awesome thanks man. Any pre-written programs you suggest or something I should look up online? I'm typically in the gym for around two hours so time isn't really an issue. Just tryna get big lol
Are you bothered that she doesn’t enjoy sex or that she doesn’t get you off the way you want?
Man I get exhausted just thinking about the wrecking crew. I also don't see how you guys can work out without first getting a day's worth of meals in your system.
"Yes exactly, bend at your elbow. Having your forearms 90 degrees typically makes your bis and tris look small, vs bending and accentuating your bicep peak and tricep sweep"
very nice
"Sir, those are tree trunks. Amazing work"
Now I don't feel guilt anymore haha right on!
"Stop comparing yourself to anyone but yourself. Easier said than done, I know."
Yes
Hell no. Most days I don't even wanna trade my butt for abs. Having a fat ass is my favorite part of bulking.
"This sub is for competitive bodybuilding, r/fitness is over that way. Some of us are sick of seeing high school bullshit."
Wrong subreddit
"&gt;Who cares if they're wearing masks, dude? Why do you care?

I literally answered that at the end of my comment bro. I don't care if you wear a mask, I care if you are affecting policy. When the CDC came out and said that masks are not necessary anymore, the San Francisco mayor announced on twitter that they would lift in door masks requirements, this group of people pounced and the mayor immediately backpedaedl. 

So it's no longer a ""you do you"" thing if the CDC is telling you you don't have to wear a mask and you're screaming at officials to force people to wear one, against CDC guidelines."
"talk to the hand, loser."
Clear and agreed.
Pretty sure I had a copy of that edition. Musclemag was great back in the day.
"This one is my favorite, he just rambles on and on about absolutely nothing.    
    
https://youtu.be/TDvpupCMAjk"
"None of that stuff will . I don’t care if creatine is proven, etc . The benefits are so small you’ll hardly notice them"
Phil has the best roundness of all time
"This is so true. They can't deal with anything real, so they escape to a fantasy land where they have the power.

My girlfriend's sister is a Q nut, and she flipped out when COVID was first reported. Back when no one took it seriously (not even me). She called my girlfriend, crying, begging us to come stay with her in her rural town because she thought the world was ending.

Then when more information came out about it, all the sudden it's a hoax. When she was forced to wear a mask, her nose was always sticking out. She refuses to get vaxxed.

I love escaping to fantasy worlds too, but I know it's fantasy."
Go ahead and support your statement that gyms are spreaders
Damn you look inspirational. Mustache is sick as well
looking sick bro !
Ooo that’s nice. He has an amazing physique
Took me 5 years to look like I lift. I had a hormone issue but regardless. Your expectations aren’t realistic
"Oh okay. 

So it’s still 98% water?"
Happy New Years bud i agree the shadow is a dope nick name or name for hero/villain
"Me: Damn what a great day. Everyone’s going so well I love life!

[“watches this video”](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMev6Avyu/)

Me angry now"
"Wrong sub, maybe try r/brogress, this is for competitive bodybuilding…"
Hate how stupid backed up medical places can get.
Actually pretty smart
"Hard work is implied. Whenever somebody says something like that they just mean if a natural with average genetics puts in hard work they wont get those same results. The original guy asked how do you get those traps? Obviously hes basically saying “ive worked out hard but dont have those traps so how does he have those traps?” The other guy replied the difference is genetics and steroids.

Dont take it so personally when somebody says that. No one is saying it doesn’t take hardwork. Of course it does. Its kind of a given."
I would really say that his greatest god given strength is his ability to learn. The guy is so incredibly smart and knowledgeable about everything. He works hard at the tiny things as well as the hard training
I fucking wish
"Today was above freezing and sunny. 

I walked my dog in my shorts after the gym."
Even better if she loves the doms
Thanks brother
What's so good about Florida?
"I would love to sponsor the jerk session , but she doesn't look familiar"
Think ima start using it as a warm up for leg day and deadlift day. Could be wrong but I feel itd benefit ode. Shit hurts like a bitch
"Solid physique, dude. Can't see your legs. Keep filling out, maybe a little more emphasis on chest."
damn I thought it would make me look more tasty. my bad boss. duly noted
Because I'm tired of everyone throwing it in my face
Haha I’m not an accountant
Yeah. Life gets infinitely better when you stop and focus on the real benefits in your life.
First pfizer vaccine shot gave intense lower back pain for two days.
"Anyone with knowledge please help me 🙏🏻 

I started working out 10 months ago. My current stats are 1.58m, 55kg, my BMR is 1,460 kCal, my body fat is currently at 11.1%. I burn an average of 600 calories a day from my two workouts a day, 5 days a week. I currently do about 30 mins of mixed intensity cardio per day for 5 days a week. My current macros are 60% protein, 10% fat and 30% carbs. 

My goal is to get to 8% body fat and 60kg (which was my weight prior to beginning this cut last month. 

Thank you so much, any advice would be appreciated."
"man this weekend I gained so much water weight on my cut, despite being on a deficit, because I ate so much packaged deli meat and bread. finally dropped it this morning but I was mad lazy this weekend and just ate sandwiches."
"Bad timing. Hope he pulls through.

Too bad all everyone can focus on is whether he's vaxxed or not. GG peeps."
"Are you cutting, maintaining or bulking?"
"I literally cannot possibly think of a worse split than one that includes chest, back and legs on the same day. So congrats"
The camera quality is really good
Looks like you have a good sense for posing but like the other guy said E A T
"Bulking and cutting are done over weeks, plural"
god I'd be a fucking unit if I found out about sources when I was younger. I spent my first ever 2 grand on fucking razor gaming shit when I was 16. Now I just look like a wide toddler everywhere I go when I could have been a chad 😢
"I agree, I wonder is Rafael Brandao suited for open class?"
"chocolate, marshmallows, nuts"
"&gt; you don't have to be a dick dude

You came to a BODYBUILDING subreddit and I'm giving you nutritional advice based on a BODYBUILDING lifestyle.

You posted your (irrelevant) question in the wrong area, it should've gone in the Daily Discussion thread

You didn't click the big ass link that said READ THIS BEFORE POSTING where there's rules against asking bullshit diet questions as top-level threads like this.

And you want to tell me I'm being a dick? Fuck off man"
"In your opinion, as a natural lifter is it better to focus on strength or mind muscle connection when it comes to gaining size. I’ve heard both arguments so far"
"Here's a novel idea: Stop worrying about EAA's man, you know better than this. Leave that to the GNC-tards"
"How deep does that concrete go? Just be sure you don’t go all of the way through. Obviously be sure that you’re going into a stud up top. If you’re just going into drywall, I wouldn’t even bother with it. 

You won’t need separate drills, but you’ll probably want to pre-drill a smaller hole in the cement before drilling a bolt in. Then just drive a concrete bolt that fits in the bottom, and a wood bolt that fits in the top. Use a washer or two. EZPZ

Edit: Home Depot usually has their bolts and screws sectioned off by material they’re meant for. Don’t overthink it, just grab some that are as long as you can reasonably drive through. If you go in asking for a lag or an anchor bolt, they may be thinking of something else."
"Your girlfriend and listening to murder documentaries/podcasts.

Name a better duo."
"You can appreciate it. I appreciate the effort to press 2300lbs, but that shit was absolutely unnecessary to reach his goals. It was literally just for his own ego."
"That sounds like a good way of thinking about it, alright thanks"
And your retarded for thinking thats dumb . As i stated / is the guy at the top the one who gets the least side effects ? Meaning they dont die from 500 tren every week ? Fuck yeh they do most guys are fucking lucky as fuck and can run crazy doses and be a-ok + on top of that if you respond WELL to the drugs to begin with thats even better in that case you have a champion
"I'm doing lying and cable leg curls, one on each leg day, slow reps with partials right now. They've finally started taking shape, but I feel like I'm playing catch up at this point. I will check and see if we have a seated curl machine though. Thank you"
"I used the Apollo app so I see no ads at all
Edit: use not used"
"I drink only sporadically, but I do enjoy it a lot when I do. And in my university days I was a fratboy (if an atypical one in background), drinking at least a little almost every night. But my 21st birthday was not one of them.

My 21st fell during a road trip with my D1 team the day before a huge event. Chilled in the hotel with ice cream, cake, soda, birthday cards, balloons, games, and some of the best friends I have made in my life. It was like the birthday party I had fantasized about as a little kid but never had. (They didn't even know that, but instinctively gave it to me!) I still get choked up thinking about how lucky I was to have had that experience."
"Insane shoulders and delts, man."
Thank you! Amateur O!
Yes! Thank you. I will watch it.
Poor choice for a tattoo.  WTF. lmao.
Swinging the dumbbells is the *least* questionable health decision he’s made in the past 10 years
"Sorry if this isn’t the right place, I’m open to any routines. I’m eating plenty of protein, tart cherry juice, and lifting heavy. I am doing bench press 150-165lbs which is about my body weight."
Quads till I puked this morning. Haven’t done that in a while but damn I can still smell it in the back of my nostrils
"True. But it's Greg DOucette we are talking about here, dude is gonna monetize his own funeral"
Is it worth working at Planet fitness? Need a summer job and my local Y hasn’t called me back. Wont workout at PF but just wondering if it’s a good gig to work. Gonna train at my local Y this year
"&gt; increase height, 22 yo

Lmao, try next time when you go through puberty"
I can now laugh back lol
"You can. Now I have to say I was blessed with the right parents when it comes to bodybuilding which certainly made things easier, but you never know your limit ;)"
I've been enjoying the Shaman king reboot that started airing a few weeks ago. Shaman king was my shit when I was a kid.
"Recently purchased a convertible Mustang GT. For whatever reason, whenever I bring the top down, I need to play heavy metal (no kpop or hip hop).

It only feels right the cruise down the street with Cat Scratch Fever (Pantera version) blasting from the speaker."
"Nah. Really no reason to even compete so you might as well just trade physiques with me for your own good. Thanks.
Yeah you look, sick! Win both as everyone else has said.

(I don’t know where the lack of upvotes is from. This place has gotten too big...)"
"So true, mfs in the comments on posts of bodybuilding deaths always scream steroids but when you look at the guy who died he was 250+ shredded to the bone using insulin, GH, fat burners, diuretics, and 7 grams of gear, every year for 10+ years lol…"
Why are you “drying out” 2 weeks out lol
"Nah seems right, enjoy the food my man. Currently on 2300"
"I will definitely keep that in mind, thank you"
I want what these two have 🥲
"These guys looked way better than the “classic” physique guys do nowaday, and even the men’s open. Made bodybuilding look way cooler to the average eye. The Drug use today is just too damn nuts too, the androgenic shoulders bigger than the bodybuilders own head, doesn’t look right. These guys were the real deal. That’s not to take away from how hard today’s guys work, but THIS is bodybuilding. Walking Statues."
dyel shit
I have really been loving steelhead trout lately when I get it from Costco it still has the skin
"Thoughts about high rep and low rep day

Hitting everything twice a week.

Low 6+ reps

High 9+"
What makes it crazy?
"100% agree, it takes some dialing in, you will know when you have had too much lol"
Dude get fucked
Yeah. I dont any data to back this up but I honestly beleve that you could bnc with test only for years and come off easier than 8weeks of tren ace.
"Yes, why is this even a question."
"Fair, I thought you were a pressed baldie replying lol"
"Definitely lean bulk, you're shorter than me but same weight, and you look lean so definitely doing a good job."
Thank mr meadows
push downs with the rope attachment
"Why do they all fake tan like that? You have any insight on the history?

Honestly looks not good on everyone who does it."
"Black rice is really good, more kcal than normal rice and it’s…. well not as nice but it’s ok. 

And drink more water. 1g of protein needs 10g of water to process it, otherwise you are eating a lot of protein and getting no benefit from it and are just going to shit it all out. 

Eat more. Drink more. Be glad that you will never have to cut fat."
"Squats, RDLs, leg press. I like to keep my workouts to 3-4 lifts with a lot of sets in those lifts. I’ll do 3-5 working sets with 1-2 very high rep sets at the end to get a pump/burn."
Yeah around there should be my maintanence
Only lol
I'm sure theres a bunch of decent guys. Is Ronnie not a good guy? Jay Cutler? Ramy? Who's not a good guy (don't say Phil Heath lol)
Creatine and protein powder.
Hard to say man..I do think your personality comes through text when your feeling great and a little primal these are mostly tinder matches...but tbh I think it’s the time of season..girls trying to lock down that summer shit. But like damn..hard to sell a girl on hit or miss reasonably sized dick 🤣
"I can’t train heavy because of some weird shit happening in my right forearm. I think it’s something to do with the tendon. It’s disheartening to know that I’ll never be able to bench as much as other guys. 

I ordered a pile of bpc157 to see if I can fix it. But it if fails, I’ll be a medium weight, short interval, high rep bro for the rest of my life. :("
Bro you’re an idiot
hahaha true
"Damn nice dude can anyone tell me upper body lower body split in short.? Am doing  it 6 days a week  though. Just a little bit explanation of how many chest exercise and how many bi, tri, shoulder."
"I mean yeah, I get you need to eat to grow muscle etc but I'm pretty happy the way I'm going, shits lookin pretty good. My weight has just never really moved much"
Lol. That was a genuine post. I want a genuine response
Urs overall package is better than Mike's. Mike has awesome lines but that's about it. Urs conditioning is on another level. As well
"This sucks. I had this very pic up on my wall when I was a kid. 

Goes to show what it took to earn a pro card in the 80s..."
Back conditioning is crazy!!!
"I don’t think women are lying. Most women wouldn’t be interested in open bodybuilders. Many would be interested in Bumstead, but there are definitely women out there who find him too big. People are just interested in different things, and the fact is that many women like skinny guys, and the ‘Brad Pitt from fight club’ look is probably muscular enough for loads of women lol. 

I do think the whole being into dad bods thing was pretty manufactured though"
"Hey man I totally get it. I spent pretty much my entire college career lifting daily but not putting in any effort outside of the gym. I would drink my 1 scoop of whey and call it good. Pair that with not really pushing myself as hard as possible at the gym (even though I thought I was), resulted in a whole lot of wasted time. 

Once I actually changed my lifestyle and focused more on nutrition, I realized only like 25% of the physical results are created in the gym.

Keep up the hard work and discipline my dude!"
POP THE TOP
Looking unreal mate well done
"You sure ""Verified 3-plate deadlift"" isn't listed in the Terms of Use for accounts labeled as Fitness?"
"Iris is so underrated man. No one else in bodybuilding history has dominated a division the way she did. You could argue shes actually the real GOAT of the sport. Surpassing any mens open dude. Its apples to oranges obviously but in terms of olympia titles, its her by a mile."
"Awesome pics. Great size. Look thick. Solid. Tight. Keep us all posted on your continued progress with any new progress pics or vid clips. Show us what you got man. Wanna see how freakn' huge, solid, thick and tight you can get. Thanks for the motivation."
Thanks for the love 💪
"This is a VERY bold statement to make, especially to a group that worships Reese's Puffs, Cheerios, and Cinnamon Toast Crunch. 

My apologies for being a snitch, but I need to alert the cavalry. 
/u/gsd65 /u/upstairs_good /u/walnutblast"
Happy Chinese New year to all my Chinese brothers
"Lookin mean bro, go kill it"
"I'm not sure what the actual reaction is that provides that general feeling of wellbeing, I'm inclined to think it's more than placebo. Ive been taking 100mg ed for close to a year. That's a long time for placebo, also when I started, I started because I half read a study saying it boosted test, and just figured I'd try it out. I didn't even expect to feel better in general from it. 

Iirc, it has a larger impact on estrogen than test in males, and perhaps the slightly elevated estrogen in a natty = general feeling good. 

Idk I'm not going to pretend to understand, but the research I've seen suggests there's no harm in it, and a lot of potential (although perhaps marginal) benefits. So I figure one more capsule in my morning routine is not a big deal"
"Calorie calculators are a good starting point, but don't take their calculations as absolutes. Use one to figure out a rough estimate and try it for a few weeks.


&gt;As far as taking a toll on me mentally, I deal with depression, among other things. And I’ve honestly never felt physically or mentally better than I do now.

That's fantastic! Exercise is a good antidepressant and stress reliever. I'm more so talking about when you get deep into a cut and potentially experience mood swings, low libido, and other psychological effects from being so low in calories for an extended period of time."
"5’8”, 210 and lean. Like sub 10% lean. 

LEAN lean at that weight? Drugs. 

Fucking cool. 50% man, 50% tank. I wear a tighter tank top out in public and I’ll get approached or someone will make a comment every time. 

Nah. Everything that “fits” is gonna look tight tho lmao"
Lady body builders are rare nice job your ripped
Hasn't Chris said he's only gonna shoot for one or two more Mr. O's after this one for health reasons?
"I didn’t mean this and prob a good thing I didn’t for the sake of this post’s comments. I meant it flowed classically with classic structure. I feel like we’ve all seen those people who are in the gym, not freakishly big or necessarily on anything and we’ve thought “oh damn they gave good genetics” I simply meant that. Had I changed the title I’m sure this post wouldn’t have gotten as much engagement"
Bruh I doubt he can bench 135.
Yeah just keeping that 0.000000001% open incase there is some super mutant out there that can beat him.
Can i use it as a cock ring
"Find a good multi, make sure you have vitamin d, magnesium, and zinc. Do your research. The majority of multivitamins in the store are garbage."
"Hahah thanks, let’s see how well I actually execute getting through all 4 😅ultimately goal is to get a pro card with OCB which is the 1st and 3rd show, so if I miss the mark in October I have 4 weeks to make it up and get conditioning right in November.  The other 2 have no expectations since it’ll be the first time competing with NPC and I’ll probably get blown out the water by enhanced folks."
"Stunning bro, side tri is a true moneyshot."
"Fuck yeah it is. Chubby girls &gt; Fit girls 10000% (not fat though, just actual chubby/thick/curvy, not that BBW landwhale shit)"
great shape
"Awesome mate! For someone moderately ignorant of the specifics, what does class A mean? Regardless though you look sick!"
Think it was pain and i did sometimes just want to pick it up any way i could think thats what it was. I felt it on my spine in the lower area but the later sets with better form and lower weight i was only feeling sore. When I got home and tried to pick up things from the floor it hurt like hell though
"my man, we dont know if you're being serious either...He's beyond juiced to the gills"
"You look great!  Greetings from the Jay Cutler Classic in Richmond…it’s the funky post-tan, gotta wake way early, cold ac night in the hotel before the show here."
I refuse to believe obese people actually believe that bs. It’s so dumb.
"Nerd here. Can I ask you to elaborate on that a bit? Are you saying it's beneficial to eat a majority of my carbs ""around"" when lm lifting? Sorry, I'm a simple guy."
"Eh, it’s easy to talk shit on the internet"
dude is 6'4 calm down
"Yeah, his rear delts actually match his other delts in size. Good stuff."
How much you trying to lose?
pan fry with a lid my bro. i usually cut it into cubes first and when it's almost done toss in a handful of spinach to get it nice and steamy in there
Nick’s gonna eat him. Ha
Yes
"“Man up and get the surgery, I don’t like how your nipples look”"
Enjoy it. I'm on one as well. It's so awesome when you finally do go back as everything feels soooooooooo fresh and recovered.
Ether your lats look good from the front or back lol . What would be a example of “good” insertions
Exactly. So lame and predictable.
"Lol I meant psychoactive drugs, theres a flaw at least in your deadlift logic, it's the amount you lift and also the angle you lift it at, meaning if you weighed 1000 pounds and did the motion of a deadlift it would be far easier than the force exerted when lifting 700-800 pounds on a deadlift as you're back extends and you lift the weight at an angle extended at the end of a body part, like a bicep curl, imagine if you strapped a dumbell to the end of your forearm? Curls would be 90% easier and less effective, it's not just about the weight it's also about the position of the weight in relation to the muscles contracting and the joints working at the time"
Gnarly legs my man !! Looking sick
Yeah my doc gave them to me when I pulled my back too and it helped keep me from further injuring myself but they don't really do anything as far as treatment goes. They're really just to stop spasms. My Pt and chiro gave me some stretches and told me to stay active but don't do anything strenuous which helped much more
Some big dad energy coming off of this post
Dick
"Yeah, heroin is awful, but why would he even mention the other 3?  And if you look at master's world records, you can have extremely fit people at age 70.   Steroids vastly increase the chance that you will be injured chronically, presupposing this guy has juiced all his life just sounds like y'all can't handle someone who has a bit of self-discipline."
[They can dance if they want to](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7-bIhCBSrzU)
"Ok, and? Who do you think his target audience is? You people would rip kindergarten teachers for teaching the alphabet lmao."
"to each their own I guess yeah, it’s definitely subjective, I just hope this dude doesn’t die at 40"
"Love it when people say “show me the bodies” from steroid use/misuse. 

They just choose not to look. How can we do this safely though? What doses should we never exceed"
Solid advice
Im confused whether or not we have to be in a calorie surplus or not. Im skinny fat trying to gain muscle and is 2500-3000 calories good or do I gotta add more?
Then god damn hamstrings. Ain’t nobody skipping leg day over here
"Good man, keep that up and you most certainly will keep improving."
Cheat lat raises are fucking GOAT
"Hell yeah, you gonna take a week or so in between or?"
Fantastic results bro. You can see all the hard work you've put in. Great vacuum 👌
looks like a stretched out crew neck
"haha different hair plus lighting changed, and being home so much for quarantine got the tan out of me too"
"Thicc nex help in a fight tho. The thicc'r the neck, the harder it is to get the brain to rattle around.

Also, this dude is 5'3"" and stocky, so his center of gravity is like 4"" below the ground.

Reach advantage should help out a lot vs the dwarven type tho, he's got a 62"" reach, so most 7th graders would have more reach than him and can stay out of his range."
Yes I’ve been on 250mg every 2 weeks for 7 years. It helps tremendously. Diet is an issue. I eat poorly but fat levels stay low. Good genes I guess. Just need to maximize my visits and not waste energy.
"Yeah, gyms luckily have been open since June where I live. I've had to be going to one that's not my usual for a month since we had city level lockdown and that hasn't helped but I'm also at a point that I'm not comfortable around people. I will be having some therapy soon, hoping that helps, I probably just need to come back to a positive mindset and start having good things in my day to day.

Thanks for interesting btw. I'm kind of emotional right now so really appreciate it haha."
"😂 If it's free, I'm saying thank you to the host. If I'm buying, nothing light is going in my fridge. There's a reason why hard seltzers have made billions of dollars in the past few years."
Logan is the Blessing of classic physique
"Nice! 

You've been out of the loop but we all run John Meadows programs now."
That sub is a shithole and I feel bad that people go there for actual advice.
"Cable Straight Arm Pulldowns and Cable V Bar Pulldowns will widen you out in the lats.

Back looks decent enough, but just need some volume. I'd also recommend Barbell Underhand Rows; squeeze INTO your mid-back at the apex of the lift."
"I wish that was me natty

:("
What prize did the bodybuilder win when the lockdown was lifted atrophy goodbye
No vid no did
"I write down most of my lifts in a fitness journal, and mainly use it to look back to see what weight/reps I did for a specific lift. I like knowing how much weight to add, or how many more reps to do, prior to starting a lift. I'd say it's been pretty beneficial for me to consistently progress by adding weight to the bar/do more reps with the same weight."
"where the fuck did i say anything about gear? my dude, a proper bulk doesnt mean get fat or use gear. it just means eating enough food to actually make a difference. people who say shit like maingaining and lean bulking are 99% of the time people scared of putting on a little fat so they do exactly what i said in my post above."
Have you done heroin? Definitely don't answer that if you don't want to but that's pretty key to the equation too
Nah the oil is in the rear delts. Also could be hyaluronic acid
3x10 of a bunch of bullshit and no weights listed
"This is super inspiring to me. I am going through about the same level of transformation and I am currently at about the 4th picture. It’s so nice to see roughly what I can get to if I just keep grinding. Looking great bro, kill it!"
"And legs in general.  Thankfully she made a comment about my back later, or else they'd be on the chopping block too."
"Well, he probably never has to shave the inside of his thighs."
Really starting to increase my reach on the abs wheel. Starting to engage the glutes/lower back when I hit my limit. (I know expect to be told I'm doing it wrong.)
"I've been inspired!  How did you come out of your shell?  I've been trying to work on going out solo and stuff like that, but it's very hard starting out."
Fantastic!
Better start cutting dude
His NFL work ethic will have him gain 25 pounds of LBM in the offseason
Unless you are absolutely serious and committed to your diet and training and to this lifestyle in general I would not recommend you touch steroids.
So rows give you big biceps? That makes no sense
"Shrugs, but with a wider grip. Arms out like 45° and focus on pulling inwards.

Add in some heavy pulling and I'm pretty sure that's near optimal. Also have loads of test."
No self promo…
"Also has vitamin D, way more omega 3s, and is better for the environment."
"Ah yeah. That'd do it. I don't have that many hours at work but similar situation and high workload this semester. I'm really glad I'm not the only one.

I'm getting better at doing college work though, today was productive in that regard for me and I'll try to drop work after Christmas. Although I complain a lot I think, I always wake up with the conscious intention to do my best even if sometimes I fuck it up badly. I'll do my best now that I have more perspective. Thanks for the advice."
"I do worry about my form, high bar squat usually, I worry about stabilising my back, hard to tell
I always have chest up, toes pointed out. not sure what else I can do to keep back straight.
I even practice body squats in mirror, glutes are quite large and look like they're bending away from my back if that makes sense"
"Going to hate this, but I wipe back to front. I’ve done this my whole life Idk."
Thanks. I will try my best
"Thanks man, that helps."
I personally despise his personality but I don’t think he’s a bad guy. He just comes across as very inauthentic and kind of tries too hard. Never came across as cocky to me though
"Lol, pretty new so I’m sure I’m missing out on something"
are you seriously this fucking retarded?
"damn no kidding, bloke needs to discover google instead of postion idiotic questions all day. fucking help vampire."
Will screw your kidneys. Look into caffeine and red ruby grapefruit alongside a super low dose anavar maybe
Yeah and it’s not even done yet it’s gonna be huge hahahaha
"Yeah, his mom shat him out just as he is now for sure. Probably never lifted a kilogram in his life."
Spent a stupid amount of time deciphering W4SKB. Been lifting for 3 years and working on learning form/basics. Pretty f’in pumped to start on Monday.
I'm being held to my word and I love it. I'll start practicing now!
Co worker asked if i stopped lifting since im looking so much smaller. Yepp cut is going great
Brother. Hope you drinking electrolytes today! Lol
He definitely didn’t. Lowering weight to improve technique for a bit is fine but you can’t just keep improving with the same weight.
"classic all day, super aesthetic physique man. Looking solid for 4-6 weeks out too. Hope u smash it!"
is /u/qwsdxcbjking alive?
Your natty pics are quite impressive alone.
His delts are nuts too. Seems to be lacking a bit on the leg department. I would like to see him in competition shape
You look amazing. If I had any criticism I'd say legs could be slightly bigger
"Honesty yeah l, super chill dude. I was like “hey I’m ____ can we get a picture later” he was like “oh for sure man, I’m Logan” I cut him off and was like “man I know who you are” and he goes “no I know but I feel like I need to introduce myself”. Great interaction."
"That’s partly why I’m impressed with this cream of rice, cooked in 90 seconds in the microwave."
Appreciate it!
"I stopped going to the gym 1 year ago so now im kind of skinny fat but with some muscle (more than average), im 18y/o with a kinda small frame, small hands and wrists but decently broad shoulders. Im currently 155pounds.

The question: I’ve noticed i get stretchmarks reaaaally easily, im not big by any standards but my biceps are covered in stretchmarks. Yesterday i went to the gym for the first time in a 3months and did a VERY light push workout. Today i woke up with a stretchmark at my armpit/chest, is this possible? I didnt even get a good pump so, this has happened multiple times. Im very inconsistent at the gym so i dont know if i have good genetics to grow fast but is this an indicator or is it possible that i get stretchmarks from the pump?"
Interesting. I’ve never thought of it that way. Seems extremely doable. Good luck my man!
"I’ve worked really hard for the symmetry I have. I’ve had tons of injuries over the years that caused atrophy in my right leg, left arm/shoulder/pec, lat, etc. And had to build it back up over time. I still have some improvements to make in my right quad/adductor/hamstring."
Save some carbs for an hour or so before bed.
No. He’s not as genetically gifted as others. He is very solid though.
Be the change you want to see
"Agreed, he looks insane. His structure is overpowering. I think he could still be a bit sharper, conditioning-wise but I think his structure still carries him to the win. 

Though if he was a bit more conditioned he would really slam the door on Shaun &amp; Kamal. I still think it’s not 100% though"
Keep it up! Good shit!
I mean… what’s one cheat …. Doesn’t count if you don’t enter it on mfp
I have a serious problem. All I want to do is bench. As we speak I’m trying to think of a way I could bench today (back day) even though I benched yesterday on leg day. I think I’ve been infected with benchismybestlift-itis. My situation is dire and my elbows may not see next week.
Shoes or nah?
"If your puffy nipples are gyno, no, if body fat, yes but it’ll be stubborn as someone who had moobs for a good decade.

Stretch marks also don’t go, but you’ll learn to take pride in them.

You need to get lean lean to downplay the more extreme aspects of a physique such as stubborn body fat areas and aesthetic issues IME, but in the grand scheme of things they’ll become way less important to you and a point of pride for where you’ve come."
"Thats super odd, never heard of something like that. Tenporary blindness if his neck is straight? Damn."
"Because you can legally and safely get gear prescribed to you. It’s called TRT. No doctor outside of dodgy “men’s health” clinics would prescribe much more for you because these drugs do, in fact, have serious health consequences. And no, the United States is not the only country to have strict drug laws."
"I would recommend you try taking 300 to 400 milligrams of magnesium threonate, or bi glycinate, and 200 to 400 milligrams of theanine,

Vitamin C taken in the evening has a slight effect on lowering cortisol.

L-tryptophan can be a powerful sleep aid for some. It's a precurser to melatonin and some sleep better on it than melatonin. I recommend 0,5 a couple of weeks, 1 mg a couple of weeks, followed by a couple of weeks off. Toxicity is low in small dosages. Avoid big dosages."
"Fuck it, do it barefoot"
"that's probably the smart solution but I always want to have my upper body muscles be performed 2x a week. 

&amp;#x200B;

ideally I'd want every muscle to be worked twice a week but I just cant figure out a way to do it in 5 days! lol"
Nah it should be tight
"Watching better by the day (RIP Rich). 

I fucking love that Rich’s entire strategy to lose 70+ lbs was basically to just eat exactly how he did during bigger by the day. except now he does calves and vacuums every day lmao. 

Really wish I appreciated him more while he was here. These two video series are a straight gold mine of decent information, memes and genuine motivation haha."
"The fatter this cunt gets, the barbell has to travel less."
No offense to Iain but I think Nick beats him shot for shot overall (assuming conditioning is equal).
Dammit I just want to see what this thing looks like out of morbid curiosity
Thank you
"I mean idk if I’d call that cowardly. Keone is already one of the best in 212 and has potential to be a contender for the GOAT in due time. Guy’s like 40, why bother competing if you know you’re going to get pushed down anyway?"
"That’s what I read but 72g an hour feels like a heck ton
That’s 288 grams over 4hr. Yeesh"
"One day, I'll know how to hit a good lat spread. It's like I can spread them until I bring my hands against my body. Clearly, I'm not understanding how to do it still."
"In my opinion, the highlight was Ramon, from Brazil. It was his very first Olympia and his SECOND professional show. He placed 3rd. And got better legs than Cbum (side chest proves that)."
"I mean you roll of shame it into position, don't see why you can't send it back down. [I've done it with the bench only supporting my upper back for shits and giggles ](https://youtu.be/ga_BdZG3_I0)"
I smoke almost every night. It usually helps
"LMAO I only post progess pics when I finished a bulk/cut cycle, so they're infrequent. I was also wearing a cat-themed tank top when this happened 😂"
"No matter what you will get some trap Involvement. The glenohumeral and shoulder girdle joints work together synergistically, so if you’re abducting your arm, both will move. The key is to use a light enough weight that’s still challenging to make it to where larger movers don’t have to generate the force."
"RIP, dude made me go from a sad kunt to a sickkunt"
Well I sure didn’t need to know that existed…
"That's true for scalp hair but not facial hair.  Scalp hair is battling DHT and minox just stimulates it to grow in spite of that.  Facial hair doesn't have to battle DHT so once it goes terminal, it has no reason to go back unless there's a substantial testosterone reduction.

That's the theory at least.  I think in practice it's also related to the fact that beards get thicker as we age while scalp hairs get thinner, so minoxidil is basically just making your facial hair prematurely age, i.e. giving you facial hair you were always gonna have eventually.

There's so much broscience to hair, fuck."
Pretty damn good for only a year tbh
Thank you!
"The same could be said for 'who cares how freaky someone is, some people just want to look good'"
"Yeah, they can move people from the other shifts if they need extra people so I'm not too bothered, and I don't give a fuck about the company at all it's just the people I work directly with are all amazing so feel a lil bad leaving them in a shitty situation, but on the plus side they have a valid excuse for taking it a bit easy lol. 

&gt;“Never catch feelings at work”

The two women I worked with were both absolutely gorgeous, wholesome angels! But ones moved country and the other is getting married so had to follow this rule lol. 

&gt;two week notice is still generous of you.

Only giving one week because that's all I have to give as stated in my contract, I'd have happily given way more but I'll need a few days to adjust to opposite sleep schedule and I only found out I've definitely got the new job a couple days ago so not really an option. 

Excited though, after a few years I'll be a proper electrical engineer, it's less hours, slightly more money, half day on Fridays, and *fucken day shift again!!!*"
Thanks a bunch
"Thank you for the advice, is there anything I can do to help prevent this from happening?"
bad nipple genetics 💔💔💔💔💔
Stop overcooking your dry ass chicken
Thank you!
I wonder what old man strength actually is. Maybe just better muscle recruitment because of a better mind-muscle connection?
I used to want big arms to fill out a tshirt. Now I just want teardrop quads to look good in my short shorts.
Sounds like something you should create. Good idea!
"like lmao man just go into that 440 cold and stop wasting time. 15 minutes is the time limit here, okay?"
Let them bro they can suck my balls cause they think downvoting me will change my opinion or make me think I’m wrong or something but I don’t give a shit I’ll stay by this point until I die
"That’s not surprising I guess. I did not say that Tennyson looks bigger than him or anything like that. I said, as using Will Tennyson as a reference point, he seemed a little smaller to me."
Maybe you fatigued your front delts to hard with the db bench ?
"objectively wrong, of all the things to nitpick why would you choose one of his strong points lol"
What the fuck lol
Thank you so much
"Love the videos he has been uploading, no cringe music or motivational shit, just following the journey. Plus it's cool to see how Melissa and him go through the prep together."
"Who gives a shit, being short(er) in bodybuilding is an advantage. And i say this as a 5'10'' behemoth"
"Seriously?? ""Who knows""?! Wow, I don't want to be rude but I cannot believe that people who follow bodybuilding can look at this person who just won the fucking comp and be like ""Idk man, could be natty. You never know!"" Like, yes tf you should know. You know because he looks like that at 19."
Why would he want to bulk his stomach out. That’s literally the opposite of what every bodybuilder wants.
"I’m pretty tall w/ a big frame but never been a big eater. That’s def held me back. So now I’m eating about 3500 cals/day + shit load of protein and moderate carbs/fat. I’ve cut out snacking and excessive sugar. Jumped from about 200 pounds to 215 and don’t seem any less lean. 

All that’s left is to cut drinking but that’s difficult as a college athlete since it’s the main social activity ya know? Thanks for asking homie."
"Many 90s bodybuilders had better confitioning than now. 
If we watch like todays mr olympia, upper tighs arent so tight than 90s.
Sorry my bad english"
Post a picture of your bad muscle insertions…
No lol.
it would be empty quickly. people here are too scared to post pics (which says something about their physiques usually) so theres no way theyll post them in a thread for all of us to rate.
the best combo. have you ever hit shoulders and back? that's a juicy workout too.
Thanks for the breakdown lol I am new... never said I wasn’t🤷🏼‍♂️😂😂
Fixed. Yeah I don't think I nailed the rear glute spread but it did show off my absurd spinal erectors.
Thanks for the feedback!
"i get he is popular, but he is a mid tier amateur at best"
"Looks great, definitely see all your hard work! I’d definitely being up those legs to even out the look, also where’d you get all that neck from fam?"
"Bad English, scusi!"
That is sick dude. Home gym is a life goal of mine. The only question now is garage door up so the neighbors can see the gun show or door down for iron dungeon vibe
"&gt; Since I'm trying to avoid injury by going too heavy, at least for another month

you are not on steroids this doesn't apply man lol

SL 5x5 or ICF 5x5 and /r/fitness"
Ur funny man
Judging by this image he wins in everything right?
Haha Thanks Stig 😎💨💨💨
Thank you for the great tips and you look amazing man!
At least he survived and in recovery
"Feeling a little more confident lately so may as well share some [pics.](http://imgur.com/a/vxmsWYT)

I think the ones I do decently are FDB and side chest. I don't have a nice mirror to practice :("
Look sick. The good sick just to be clear
"That sounds good, less stress should help with the cut too so better times ahead!"
"You gotta do like 15 push-ups
BUT DON'T DO ANYMORE

you'll overtrain and that's bad"
Myfitnesspal is being a bastard and it usually takes around 6 attempts for it to load and open. I've just given up now. Alternative apps on android so I don't have to use this shit?
Gyno???? 😂 bro you sound just like my insta followers. Natty since I started the gym @16/17
Yes sir😤!
hahaha nope i dk 🤷🏻‍♂️ just what he prescribed
"Agreed. For someone who’s been training as long as he has, his physique is nowhere near impossible to get. Definitely attainable naturally and definitely not because of his “great genetics”"
"Oh cool they coined a new word for “spinning your wheels”. I remember years ago Charles Loliquin say something to the effect of “you have one ass, pick a horse”."
"Gotcha, thanks bro!

&amp;#x200B;

When doing the single arm cable row for lats do you twist a bit or try to keep your body straight?"
"It’s insane how all of the best competed in their prime at the same time. If he was amongst the bodybuilders of today, he’d be untouched. No one would ever come close. He’d win every single Olympia he’d compete at. He could be 15x Mr Olympia lol"
"No problem, it may be difficult to do but I think it would make it far more popular.  Personally I don’t know more than 2-3 guys who workout enough that I could talk to them or follow them on this, but if it was just a message board for each gym I could see myself scrolling it and posting occasionally because then there’s a few dozen people who are on there and we all work out near each other."
Delusional. It’s like the real life version of Adam competing from Workaholics.
Swear I'd take last place in the orangutan division of BB if these phone pics on my shitty garage lighting are anything to go by
"You’re lucky you don’t have big hips and narrow shoulders that would be much worse 
Skinny waist is good 👍"
No idea what any of that means but that’s sick brah
Fun fact . Big rami s name (mamdouh) means (one who is complimented)
Top 5 easy. Way better than Hunter and Nick
WoW 💥
Thanks man :) ❤️
Love it. I’m part of the home gym squad too. Is that the titan wall mounted pull down?
"I don""t know it'll be hard. If Ramy comes in conditioned brandon can't win. If Ramy comes in bad perhaps, but even then, Brandon is getting older and loads of the ""young"" ones show great potential."
"Lmao if you think substantially larger than this guy is small lmao you realize Chef Rush and Kali Muscle claim natty, right? It's all about being a nice and trustworthy person so everyone thinks ""Oh, yeah I guess he just has amazing genetics and a fantastic work ethic""

I'm accused of saucing daily. But I'm not going to fucking admit to it 🤣"
Felt stupid strong on my squats but after my second set my right hammy got stupid cramped. Worst feeling ever
That's fucking amazing
vitaly has better symmetry imo
"That's all I do

I do oly lifts so I pretty much just squat with the same stance I use for snatch"
Should he make sure he flexes too?
Boost test 100% ?
Paraolympia Champion ( big backed beast )
Will do my best to haha :) thanks bro
"Like when I ask about my dosing protocol for 2.5g of test a week.

I asked about dosages!! Don't give me any other advice!"
Damn. That gay dating site has the same name as my dog.
"I was there , I placed second in true novice"
"She says it smells funny over there, is that racist?"
"Oh yea you’re right

I meant a giant ass needle, like a 12 gauge."
I think a cbum comparison would be nice with chest and bis to arnold and shoulders fersure to cbum
Good shit
yes
Sheeesh nice legs bro.
So is it slow or good lol
Tbf you can get slin from Walmart lol
Yeah I dunno why they downvoted you. lol.
Thank you bro! They were all just nice enough to let me out angle them!
"depends on your needs and goals.

vit D: year round for probably everyone

ZMA: year round for probably everyone

Fish oil: year round for anyone not eating fatty fish

Magnesium: if deficient in diet

potassium: really recommend getting in diet, but if impossible, supplement

sodium: really shouldnt need, just salt meals.

calcium: if deficient in diet

chromium picolinate: great either bulking or cutting, not needed if doing keto

slow niacin: if lipids need help

vit C: if needed

NAC: great for liver/inflammation and i think brain?

COQ10: great for heart

Astragalus: great for kidneys

Curcumin: great for inflammation

P5P: great for lowering prolactin

Zinc/Mag Bisglycinate/P5P/L-Theanine/5-HTP/Vit B5: great for sleep stack"
"I help in the youth group at my church. The kids have taken to calling me Penguin because my lats make my arms stick out (a little bit). Its all in fun.

I cannot believe I get made fun of for having lats."
"No not really. The shape of your ribcage is based on genetics but in the vacuum there's more to it. Samir Bannout is one of the people who's Vacuum looked like a V at one point in his career and a U at another point. You can't change the ribcage that much, but you can change your execution and practice it. Tomn8er made a video on the differentiate types of vacuums. Do check them out."
"Yes. It chad monke time. 

We eat banana all day and do epic monke stuff"
I’ve posted this like 50 times lmao yes
All low backs are weird.
That's pretty amazing
"no clue, best emulator you can find for breath of the wild is probably switch"
Are you fucking retarded or something?
Ok that makes more sense. Definitely feel more of a stretch on rdls than anything else so I'll just keep at it.
"Don't get me wrong, I've made great progress with them, but I would 100% be lying if I said they don't absolutely make the rest of my workout suffer, and doing then at the end of a hamstring day sounds like a nightmare for stability. I just am starting to think that for me specifically, I see no value in programming such a high energy demanding exercise unless my hamstrings or erectors became my weakest link."
"Thanks man I appreciate it. I was 170lbs one year ago, you got this!"
"As natty as piana was, loved his youtube content; RIP Piana!"
"Hey you're first paragraph sounds like a frat bro coming up with ways to stay on campus with a 2.0 gpa 

You're second paragraph also sounds like a frat bro"
"Dudette, I hope you take care of yourself. You live a busy life &amp; do a lot of things. I'm glad she had friends &amp; you're there for one another. Sounds like a tough mix of emotions, but it's great that you have so many people to share the experiences with, both good &amp; bad"
Call me crazy but watching 55kg women clean and jerk 300lbs tells me everything I need to know about whether they are juiced
"Not really and that's a problem I've brought up with her. Her goal when she started was to do a chinup and now she can do 2 or 3, but she doesn't have any goals past that so I think some of the excitement has disappeared. ""I don't want to get too big"" and ""I don't want to hurt myself trying to deadlift a thousand lbs"" type mentality, so like what goals could she even have"
"5 degrees difference is huge buddy. There are also other variables, objects weigh approx 0.5% more at the poles than at the equator. That is why I lift at the North Pole because I'm no bitch."
"Yeah, like another half-inch or something like that. It's tough to find the ""sweet spot"" (apparently, making a double chin and shaving at that second line works), but once you do, you instantly look like a Professional Man."
I’d also like to see him switch. Next to some of the top Classic guys out there right now coupled with how the judges seem to be leaning lately he doesn’t have a snowballs chance in hell of placing inside the top 3. CBum is just too dominant. But take those aesthetics and pack on 50lbs then he might get somewhere.
That’s a great question for a medical professional...
"I had this problem for a long time, too. Getting that activation can be hard, for me the biggest thing was lowering weight a ton and focusing on the squeeze. I can row a few plates but I’ll get a better pump from slowing everything down and lifting with empty bar form. For lats especially I had a complete turnaround in width when i added in pullovers. Experiment but you’re on the right track in trying to focus on activation. Also don’t neglect foam rolling, myofascial release, massage, etc.. you may find a nice deep tissue massage or general soft tissue work on your back might help you open up your range a bit and feel better activation."
Pretty crazy delts on him which make his side shots and even his front lat spread look nutty. The high lat inserts are pretty unfortunate though and his quads and abductors seem to be lacking compared to everything else. Fantastic hamstring sweep too
"That’s great. Favorite genre? Movies?

My personal favorite movies of all time gotta go to LOTR trilogy."
"I'll check those out, thanks."
I'm seeing a bit of Rich Piana actually
I always pray the day will come when the collective fitness consciousness is so high videos with such titles will get an automatic hard pass.
Pity the guy was a real arsehole
"Is it really that difficult to have another small bite if that extra activity were to come up? 

If you end up at only maintenance at one day and hit the 175kcal only on average you'd still be better of with that approach, simply because you increase the amount of time you can gain muscle until you need to reduce calories for body composition."
Thank you!
Thank you
Thank you
if only the lighting at shows was this good
Where is the wife?  Asking for a friend
That's a good point! I can't even do a side triceps in off season. I didn't consider that.
i'm sure that kid is gonna grow up to be a real winner lmfaooo 🤣🤣🤣. really gonna have his priorities straight
"Alright thanks bro.

Have currently downed:
Ice cream, cereal, 18"" pizza, pbj x 5, burgers X2, minestrone, greek yogurt, pudding, cool wip and butterfingers (lactose intolerant so dairy is nice for one day)

Planning on at least a cheese sandwich and some more pudding and dessert

Means a lot coming from an aesthetic bro like you. Tryna get there"
Good lord I regret checking it
Kill it bb
"If you're 56, it's near certain your T levels are low. That said, don't expect miracles. Actual TRT won't give you results like that. The problem is that a lot of gym rats say ""TRT"" when they mean ""permanent mild Test blast""."
"Electrical engineering, the UK is great for apprenticeships, you can get one in basically any role. They have the option to progress into a higher level one afterwards as well so I can end up with nearly a degree while working if I want, which is great."
"Like clockwork, every time that shitty video of the dude benching a bar with a puppy on his face gets posted, flocks of idiots start saying ""WELL AKSHUALLY, THE BAR WEIGHS A LOT AND 40LBS IS VERY STRONG TO BENCH ITS A GOOD HIGH REP WORKOUT"""
Asking people out as a joke what kind of happened-to-me-in-fifth-grade bullying.
For me having maintenance phases when cutting keeps me from falling into a cycle of binging as i tend to lose will power after maybe 2 months of cutting. Im a fatass btw.
i deleted my fricking account due to bullying
rope attachment gang 4 lyfe
"Thanks man, yeah the width from the front and back presents issues but from the side I'm stronger. Thank you"
Yeah i mean if i sent him a douchey dm or went on his page and outright talked shit id just assume he would block me but that seemed to be pretty obscure so i thought it possible he deleted or hid his account for a bit.
"Is he? On Rogan he said he had negative body fat. He didn't seem sarcastic, I think he just didn't understand how to read the machine he was on. I love Ronnie but he doesn't seem like the sharpest knife in the drawer."
"do you guys ever feel a little regret for not starting earlier? i know im only 20 but ive seen people put in work when they were 14/15 and it makes me wish i lifted even earlier. its not like an overbearing feeling, its just something i think about when i see really young lifters"
"Disagree. Camera matters only for quality (to see condition) and angle (so proportions aren't off), this comparison is fine. Tanning method varies in any competition, no need to standardize as long as none are too wonky looking."
Yeah I bet you get tons of pussy in theory
"What I meant is there is no dispute on the nature of the bicep. I just hadn’t seen one like it on anyone else. Matt Mendenhall in real life was my first experience, face to face with Universe/Olympia grade physique."
Coke was also legal back then
Your waist is missing bro🥴 looking insane
You are in a bodybuilding sub. No one gives a shit how much you can bench or row.
"Yup, different mods and I swear I thought something was said to be about ""potential"" too but I could be misremembering. Like I'm not lean but I have decent muscle mass on my frame so there's potential for more, especially if I got leaner."
"It's a good way to get good at doing compound exercised

  IF you're lucky it might make you look fairly muscular also, but I'd wager that for the vast majority that's not the case."
"Yep, easier to ask for forgiveness than permission."
The 90's had the perfect balance
That's an argument to have with the parent. Telling the kid that and telling them to tell their parent that has little chance of working.
Nah man he's right... It sucked and wasn't funny. Pack up your shit up and go home.
why do people want to do anything?
No problem! You'll have to type that address into your web browser
"I have never felt my chest sore after a chest day workout.

I am wondering is this normal? If I go in and only do a bunch of chest things like presses and things with cables I still don’t feel my chest sore. Sometimes I’ll even feel more sore in my side shoulder/arms/back than my chest."
"Haha. Balkan humor isn’t funny.. but it means Fucking Turks and is used to blame any problem current or prior on something that had nothing to do with it, kinda like Thanks Obama"
Our usernames pair nicely
5/3/1 Boring But Big is a hypertrophy focused variant.
Why warm May I ask?
"Also on Android. It's pretty great, honestly."
[started running again to drop this BF%](https://imgur.com/a/JqCAxmG)
Seeing the last photo with Rex in his grave was tough. Brought back sad memories with burying my family dog.
"Fairly pleased with my fat powerlifter shape at \~5.5 weeks out from a powerlifting comp. 195cm, 123kg.

[https://imgur.com/tkmlsEM](https://imgur.com/tkmlsEM)"
Hope you feel better than I did!
he retired and stopped taking PEDs for this very reason
You're clueless. The muscles literally don't work like that
Delts looking pretty defined. The all mighty delt lord himself More plates more dates would be envious. Keep up the hard work
I usually do it like that but that was all i had for now lol . Got any tips on how to let the light hit ur back ?
Looking awesome!  Best of luck to you.
2 time a weak more than enough
"I get that, have a nice evening"
"If you found it hard, then it was good. If it was easy, up the weight or up the reps until it is hard. 

Don’t compare your numbers to other people. Because somewhere in China there is a 12 year old girl warming up with your 1RM, so if you start worrying about what other people can do, or looking down on other people because they can’t lift what you can, it is a very slippery slope."
"You could just run the recommended test cycle once.

Though you won't only do one cycle."
Cool it on the leg volume dude are you trying to kill us?
"To be fair, is anyone who *may* have gotten sick from the gym going to want to be a snitch and report it, and risk getting the gym shut down? lol"
Ooh big sexy
"atta boyyyy enjoy it while it lasts youve earned it. and my dude your already there if not past me man, you look fucking great and those are some horribly bad resolution pics, dont be comin at me with HD pics ill feel even worse!"
Lmao
They don’t want to know the truth
"He clearly is. Not being smug, if you’re relatively new to BB might not have a trained eye but yeah… bet the entire world he is on some form of HRT at least.

Edit just looked at the photo again, yeah he prob on diuretics too. Dude looked amazing lmfao"
"Trying to sidestep the hunger by sleeping through it, and it can sometimes take a bit to fall asleep that initial time. If I dosed first, might get hit with hunger and never fall asleep."
"Well let's hope so. But yeah, can see the glimpses of that in the right foto."
"Actually that is a great point i never tought of steroids as a multiplier, so quick question not sure how much knowledge of roids you have but, what roids do people use on a bulk and what on a cut?"
In how much time did you gain that amount of weight? Seems like you dirty bulked?
Thanks this have cheered me up
"oh shit, I didn't even realize it was.  Nope, I'm checkin it out"
"In that trough between the feel good high of starting fluoxetine and then it actually kicking in and leveling out. Just a few more days hopefully.

Had a pretty good workout despite mental state. Keeping the picture small, baby steps, thoughts aren't facts."
Figure and you look great btw
Pork tenderloin has just as much flavor if not more than chicken breast. Plus they are basically identical nutritionally as far as I can tell so it's an easy substitution. I never reheat it though
"That's fair and I agree, I'll  probably just insert that type of direct work after traditional rows for max traps exhaustion"
"I see what you’re saying lmao. Guess it doesn’t matter, just was wondering why you’d be pulling water at 2 weeks out but what you’re doing makes sense I’d just call it something else. Lol whatever tho, you look great dude goodluck!"
Hell yeah brother
Hey cutie
"Idk why they downvoted me above, but my metabolism is crazy fast. My last cut with my coach i dropped 10 lbs in a week with just less carbs and zero cardio."
This one is bad. Exceptional father and husband. He undoubtedly would’ve discussed this with his family after his first heart attack- his family and kids knows he loved them and that’s all that matters. Going to miss this guy.
"A few things here are just wrong.  2.2g per pound is just way too much and is going to use up all your calories.  You only need 1.2-1.3g/lb tops.  As for BCAA's, you don't need them as long as your protein intake is good.  You should be getting enough bcaa's from your protein intake alone and supplementing is a waste.  I agree with shifting from running to lifting more.  Build some more muscle and the cutting will get easier."
Congrats on the win man. I’m in Az and looking for a coach I’ll be contacting you through Instagram. Keep it up you have a great future ahead of you.
Promise?
"I like the spotter, like he’s gonna do ANYTHING if this goes bad. Hahaha"
Alright that’s fair. I’ll own up to that and work on making that change.
diet is infinitely more important than training
"It'll catch up both ways, but yeah setting the reps up with the weak leg first makes it so you don't overshoot your rep range."
"He was black version of good ol J.G

Maybe his brother from another father 🤔"
"I don't know man, seems like you reached your natty limit time to hop on"
"Yes when I was a kid I thought because I wanted to gain muscle and was into a lot of ‘male’ stuff I could be a trans man. But now I realise I just want to be a badass muscular strong woman, and because of my biology I may need a bit of ‘artificial’ help to get to my ideal physique, something like Brooke Ence, or Dana linn Bailey who both have taken gear.

That’s reassuring to know no matter what I’ll still be a female since I have xx chromosomes even if I have a hell of a lot of muscle, and if I mess up my dose and get some virilisation. 

I definitely don’t have any gender dysphoria 👍"
"I'm like pretty sure you can't target inner chest to any significant degree, so I'd say keep it growing focusing on both heads of the muscle and eventually it'll fill out?"
Looking great!
Loses are also gains lmao.
Definitely Arnold
Lol oops
Wow a troll with no posts of those own achievements.  How refreshingly [different...](https://giphy.com/gifs/beyonc-michelle-williams-say-yes-cmq29uCuYc0k8)
Bro your the stinky dude at the gym
"I did not want to confirm it on my other post until I was 100% sure and could confirm it but I will be competing in physique. Because at one point I considered pulling out as well but I still think I will bring a really good package. This will be the first time they host physique both for women and men. We will be 6 women competing this year.

Wish me good luck! :)"
It's even better once you put a sauce on it.
"Thats a pretty outdated view. The use of Rest and Ice has been questioned and found to limit the bodies own capabilities.

Its why ""Rest and Ice"" has been replaced with ""[Peace &amp; Love](https://bjsm.bmj.com/content/bjsports/54/2/72/F1.medium.gif)"" by most evidence based practicioners and school programs.

Ice mostly has some analgesic effects, which can be useful for multi day events(Think strongman taking icebaths on saturday on a weekend event). But not long term tissue repair."
"Yeah, better shoulder, chest, abs and arms for sure but the legs have the shape they just need the size paired with better conditioning and some muscle maturity he will take the title."
anything over 2 pl8s is belt worthy
Thanks man
"Damn babe thanks for all the episodes! Saved the comment.

It’s 100% a fascinating asf concept. There’s so much unknown it can keep the mind thinking forever. Where’d you get to meet with the director?"
Sounds a bit backhanded but I’m pretty sure it isn’t lol
"No, he didn't it's called getting older. He's in his 30s now, not in his 20s. Most people from middle/high school I know have ""ruined"" their faces in their 30s: gone bald, fat, totally different face structure, etc. It's called aging badly. Heck, I have had trouble recognizing some of them lmao."
"Been having problems with my right shoulder since I was a teenager, after minor accident.

The most important part for me was learning what exercises hurt my shoulder (some upright rows, heavy side raises, heavy dips)

Also do exercises that strenghten the rotator cuff, such as face pulls"
Still waiting to see what you look like 11 call outs and 30 days later....guess they're never coming....🤣
"Maybe she'll come along, she likes making friends too! 

Awesome, I have a guest pass thing at my local Crunch if you're cool with it! I'm not trying to black out at bars *every* night, but occasionally it's fun lmao

Just followed"
"&gt; pasta so easy to overeat too

I don't think I've ever been able to eat the *correct* amount of pasta. It's 100% always overeat.. I just love it so much."
"It seems normal that the best weightlifters, mechanically speaking, would be between 5’5”-5’10”. The build and limb length of those guys is just more athletic than taller longer limbed athletes."
"Man, I ended my cut at 2,250 calories per day because I had stalled out, so I decided I want to start bulking back up . So went to 2,750 per day. Dropped another 2 lbs. So went to 3,000. Lost another pound. Up to 3,250 and holding weight."
Very very sad. Always breaks my heart when bodybuilders die young.
One of the best pics I have seen of Logan. No one touching the champ though.
"Thank you! And, thanks for the heads up on HBD, I'll look into it and order. Noted on the deficit, will try to hit maintenance once my appetite comes back (they tell me the first few days will have some nausea). Really appreciate it!"
Well I hope your time off reddit served it’s purpose and that you’re well. I was thinking about u during lockdown!
"Nah, calves can get big and still look goofy with high insertions. Biceps can get huge and without a peak they kind of look like ""okay now flex"" ""I AM, FYM???"" Contrary to this discussion on lats, there are high lats and low lats. There are plenty of guys with much bigger backs than Arnold ever had, yet they don't hang as low as Arnold's."
"Nice man, yeah learnt alot from John training gear nutrition etc, just a great man that'll be forever missed"
"Looks like a shaved gorilla trying to disguise as a human, but the face gives it away."
Aren’t those ones usually the good ones?
I am not yet 30 and want to died. This guy is awsome he lived that long.
Lucky that you workout somewhere where someone like him works out!
Anyone else dislike curls?
Good looks.
"Dude, it’s the best steroid don’t let anyone tell you otherwise 💪"
"You for sure have more room to bulk a decent length I'd time without getting chubby, so I would say go for that unless you have a reason for needing to be lean in the next few months."
Thanks brother!!!
"classic physique...

I want bodies like Eugen Sandow back. Natural yet looking strong."
Nice alt account
Great physique
"Yes, you’ll see results with 7 days on/7 days off."
"No. Not everyone responds to gear the same way. Some people are able to respond to relatively low doses and get gigantic, whereas others just don’t respond well at all. The vast majority of people on steroids look like shit. Hell, Jon Skywalker is pretty open about what he takes and he doesn’t look anything like a men’s open competitor. He looks fantastic for sure, but he’s not gigantic by any means. Response to gear is everything, and some people just so happen to respond ridiculously well"
That’s amazing work and congratulations 🎉🍾🎊
Yeah I just changed up my program after 8 weeks. I used to do chest twice a week but decided to focus on back and shoulders a bit for this next 8 weeks.
Jesus you look like an anime character. Good freaking work bro! Good luck
he's sexy
It's quite a technical exercise but feel good when you properly internalise the technique.
Holy shit you really do look like a high schooler. How old are ya?
"Semantics. She’s *not looking* for casual sex, doesn’t mean she doesn’t have casual sex"
No.
"yeah i'm working on that with dumbbells now, avoiding the lockout and trying to keep all the tension on my pecs, it feels better than the barbell bench. any advantages of doing the barbell instead?"
"Good luck mate, persistence does pay off eventually."
"Is lifting useless when I don't eat enough protein but eat the right amount of calories?
  

  
I'm a male 16 years old and I weigh about 62 kg/136 lbs and am 161 cm tall. I've been learning through the years about fitness and this year I really learned a lot. My goal is to be shredded not to be like a bodybuilder type of body. I eat like 50-60 grams of protein a day, I live with my family so I cannot really prep and pick my meals and I don't have money to buy protein powders because it's really expensive and I don't have money but I tell my mom to cook foods with a lot of protein but it's not everyday high protein because she has to cook for the family. I've been thinking that should I stop working out because I can't eat enough protein."
frick these awards
Lol made me chuckle
Burning more energy?
"Yeah a decade already and it still feels like last week it was blasting hardstyle, trolling and having a good time, better era. Always a sick cunt, rip brah."
Thank you! I’m in the zone!
Loss of grip? Too much momentum? Sorry about that
"Worst most tired take ever

No they are not two sides of the fucking coin christ"
"""remember shows are won from the (back)"" Chris Aceto"
Maybe you could eat in a very small deficit until you can workout again. You wont lose a lot of muscle in 1 month.
"Do what makes you happy bb. I'm also a former athlete who quit my sport for the full time gym. I'm much happier this way, but you can definitely do both. Think of soccer as cardio. It's also nice to have some variety in life. Remember you don't have to lift every single day."
"Awwwwhhh bless, someone's jealous"
Beautiful. no homo.
"Already implemented, I’m just a fat fuck :p but seriously, I just need to go back to filling myself with greens. I already drink water to curb the appetite just need to make the transition from starchy/dense carbs to greens and I’ll be good to go. Easier said than done..."
"I know others disagree, but I've personally never understood pre-exhausting for compounds. I understand the rational that  it lets you push a targeted muscle to failure/exhaustion before some other part of the compound fails, but I never understood why you wouldn't just hit the compound without a purposeful weak link then push the chosen muscle to failure *after* with the isolation. You get the muscle to exhaustion either way and you get more out of the compound for your other muscles. 

I don't know, just seems like trying to eat soup with a spoon, making a compound movement more isolating. Just use a different movement if that's your goal."
Thank god
"Yeah I'm the same way man, front delt massively more developed than the other two heads. We just gotta keep the volume higher on the rear and lateral delts than front until they even out bud, we'll get there!"
"Bro, you look amazing. I’m not gonna tell you to ignore that inner dialogue of “why Do I feel skinny”, on the other hand, I say use it as fuel to become better and stronger. Most people (90% of gym goers) quit before they even reach 150 pounds let alone 160. Keep going. And btw I was also confused when I saw that a lot of bodybuilders I follow are actually low weight even tho they seem so muscular! But apparently Weight doesn’t matter because muscle tissue is more dense than fat tissue, which means it takes up less space at the same weight"
Why don't you want to be called pretty?
Thx but is it good for my AGE though
Good job!!
tired of small legs. any downfalls of hitting a few sets of moderate intensity leg extensions every day in addition to hitting legs twice a week?
Well it’s pretty clear a lot of you hate Nick and somehow think he has bad genetics for bodybuilding? He’s thicker than Jay was at this point and still is doing great with his midsection control. I personally think he’s the future of the sport (at the very least a top 3 in the world after he matures). Also I love this type of bodybuilding and this post has made me very aware most of you hate it. Wish there was a subreddit for appreciating today’s bodybuilding and judging them based off actual bodybuilding metrics and not a beauty radar
"Thanks man, it’s genuinely all an illusion lol. My hips are pretty wide so I wanted a better taper, so I just focused on bringing my lats up for the past few years and kept oblique training minimal."
He always looks like he is super super super high
Wtf? Why aren’t you allowed to cook things in the microwave? What’s it for then? Decoration?
Ah yeah that makes sense. Thanks I appreciate your help!
"Yeah man, mine always seemed to go away until this. I tried doing IMS which helped a bit but I’ve started doing shockwave therapy which has helped the most so far"
"I have had a very strained relationship with almost all of my family my entire life. When I told my parents I wanted to be a bodybuilder at 16 and this is what I’m doing with my life they told me no and that it’s stupid/gay etc. I continued anyways because this is my absolute passion. They didn’t understand when I couldn’t eat dinner with them, or go on vacation or anything normal really. I moved out on my own at 17 with my girlfriend and current wife, she understood what I’m doing and completely supports me 100% to this day. That being said this is absolutely very difficult for a person with a healthy/ normal home life. My family pretends to support me but deep down I know this ain’t what they wanted for me, regardless this is my life and I’m doing what I love."
You fuckin got it. Easy enough
"Prove it lol, you must be a greek god now, right?"
Uhhhh chicken breast and other lean cuts of meat? Why do you have to resort to a large amount of protein powder?
depends on how many stars you want
"&gt;“radically accept the facts.” They had this very creepy pamphlet about how once facts are established, it’s against the rules to not radically accept them, by which they again mean convince the staff you emphatically believe them.

Yeah that's where I'd draw the line. The therapy staff are humans, humans will make mistakes. They're terrible therapists if they're not open to improvement, even if they've done this thousands of times."
"Yeah I'm not vegan. Not even remotely close. I typically advise against vegan diets to those who aren't ""initiated"" within the ins and outs of intricacies in nutrition. That's a distant cry from the dumb things you've claimed throughout the course of this thread though. Don't know who quoted fitness influencers, I'm not familiar with any of that nonsense.

I've published and co-authored enough to understand when it's appropriate to reference studies. In this case, again, I literally just don't need to. The things I've outlined are well-understood scientific basics. OP's physique isn't ""big"" that would warrant your accusations, and you can certainly build muscle on a deficit. The biological systems that facilitate muscle growth and caloric regulation can work separately unless you're on like on 800 calorie deficit. This is empirical science and is as clear cut as me pointing to a watermelon, informing you that it's a watermelon and you asking for a study to prove that it is a watermelon

🤡"
"Damn, poor Calum has lost both pets this month. He just posted on IG"
I'm giving it to cbum just cuz he has a better v taper
I’ll check both out. Thanks so much man! If it kicks my ass it should build muscle for me as well right?
"Lookin sick bro
Just wondering :do you measure Biceps, quads etc?"
"great physique.

trunks in photo look kind of odd, but you own it."
I don't know if maybe I just got lucky but I was only feeling shitty for about 24-36 hours.
"Fake may refer to:

Deception, an act or a statement intended to deceive
Charlatan, a person who practices deception to obtain money or other advantages
Counterfeit, a reproduction of an item, intended to deceive
Cover-up, an attempt to conceal wrongdoing, error, or other embarrassing information
Decoy, a person, device, or event meant as a distraction
Fake news, a form of news consisting of deliberate disinformation or hoaxes spread via traditional news media or online social media.
Falsity, the deceitfulness of one party culminating in damage to another party
Feint, a maneuver designed to distract or mislead, often in fencing or military tactics
Forgery, the falsification of a legal instrument with the intent to defraud
Hoax, a falsehood deliberately crafted to deceive
Illusion, a distortion of the senses, which can reveal how the human brain normally organizes and interprets sensory stimulation.
False (disambiguation)
Replica, a reproduction of an item, not necessarily intended to deceive


== Arts, entertainment, and media ==


=== Films ===
Fake (2003 film), a Thai movie
Fake (2010 film), a film featuring Fisher Stevens
F for Fake, a film about art forger Elmyr de Hory


=== Music ===


==== Groups ====
Fake (Swedish band), a band active in the 1980s
Fake, an American electro band remixed by Imperative Reaction
Fake?, a Japanese rock band


==== Recordings ====
Fake (album), by Adorable
""Fake"" (Ai song) (2010)
""Fake"" (Alexander O'Neal song) (1987)
""Fake"" (Simply Red song) (2003)
""Fake"", a song by Brand New Heavies from Brother Sister
""Fake"", a song by Brockhampton from Saturation
""Fake"", a 1994 song by Korn from Korn
""Fake"", a song by Mötley Crüe
""""Fake"", a song by Five Finger Death Punch off their album And Justice for None


=== Other uses in arts, entertainment, and media ===
Fake (manga), a BL manga
Fake, a 1969 book by Clifford Irving about art forger Elmyr de Hory
Fake book, a collection of musical lead sheets


== People ==
Caterina Fake
Chen Fake


== Places ==
Fake, Nigeria, a village 90 miles from Katagum


== See also ==
Faker (disambiguation)
Faking (disambiguation)

More details here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fake 



*This comment was left automatically (by a bot). If something's wrong, please, report it.*

*Really hope this was useful and relevant :D*

*If I don't get this right, don't get mad at me, I'm still learning!*"
I fucking hate that shit so god damned much holy fuck that's inconsiderate. My dad just doesn't ask and assumed I should go out and help him without considering or asking if I have plans
always love the lines in his biceps
"Ahhh, fair enough. Maybe just take it easy/easier for now?"
Yeah I agree. I didnt do jack shit for side delts especially the past years and they used to be my strong point actually.
"Long ass torso and the obliques pop too much. Much prefer Samson’s taper even if his abs are split, the waist flows better into the hips from the lats."
He'd be 5th tops if he's lucky.
"I agree about Derek coming in 100% better than last competitions, but Kamal and Shaun are ahead on conditioning. If he stays with Rambod its a different story a year from now. I think at this point in time its a toss up between Kamal/Shaun and Derek in 3rd. Finals could be a different story if someone comes in off."
"Literally hold your arms straight above your head until your delts start to burn, then hold it for 2 minutes longer, repeat for 30 mins. You will get doms. Doesn’t do shit for delts but creating doms on any muscle, if that’s the only goal, is pretty easy."
"He paid his dues. He's free to move on. People respect it when someone who did something wrong, redeem themselves through accountability."
Get this shit off of here jeez
"Food, proper rest and good workouts definitely make a difference haha thanks bro!"
"
Congratulations Brother! Hard work pays off!"
Yeah he sounds beyond repair at this point
Just get it tattoos always look better when you’re slimmer anyways
I feel like you’ve been going forever now. Looking great!
If it’s anything like my old apartment 15 minutes before the timer goes off.
What would they be screaming?
16-19 year olds at the gym love swarming machines with groups of 4+ and not putting their weight back when they're done
"So I agree yea I need more time to build muscle to be super competitive but just doing the comp is the point for me, and there are TEEN divisions ya know, let alone the INBF where if I go I’m bound to win something against some of these natural guys"
Thanks brother 💪🏾💪🏾. Head to nationals and get a pro card.
"it seems to me like you don't know much about posing and is only good at criticizing. you haven't seen bad posing if you think this is ""very, very"" bad. I get you don't got anything to prove to me but your comments make me very curious of your physique and posing. Talk is cheap man, if you really want to showcase your posing anonymously, you can."
"He looked great last hear, should been number 2.  Big Ramy’s outer quads are just so freaky."
"Plenty of time for pull-ups for sure, EMG data shows more activation weighted push-ups vs bench press too"
RIP in peace
thoughts on no carbs/higher fat in last meal to improve insulin sensitivity on a bulk?
"Yeah this is what I was thinking. I mean Ramy just overwhelms Hadi. I think regardless of Hadi's physique, if Big Ramy comes in at the next Olympia with the same physique no one's beating him. Hadi is what maybe 5'5"" or shorter? Ramy is like 5'8"" with a bigger frame and more room to play around with. Hadi would dominate the 212 division. 

I really don't get the heights of these bodybuilders. Phil Heath is suppose to be 5'9"" yet Ramy who is 5'8"" towered over him, yet Ramy looked in line with Chris Bumstead who is suppose to be around 6'2""? And Phil Heath played basketball as someone who is around 5'7"". How on earth does that even work? 

Even Phil Heath looked small in front of Ramy. I mean Ramy looked like a freaking monster with his size. He was just huge relative to everyone."
Will check out thanks
I think maybe my problem is fear a little too. Today I tried 150.5 kg in squat and I made it! It wasn’t that hard and I think perhaps my max would be 200! So excited!
"Anyone have any idea why it would feel like my vastus lateralis is gonna just absolutely tear off my leg when I try to do any squat type motion where my feet are pointing directly forward? It's only in one leg, have had this issue the entire time Ive been lifting."
Maintain for the same duration as you cut and awaken that urge to gain gang
either way he's a beautiful chocolate man
Quickly? You looking to have nasty dry chicken?
Well if the answer is no then clearly the only solution is to ask him “do you even lift?” and then overhead press him to assert dominance.
Thank you!
"You appear to be lost, here's your link back to r/fitness"
I believe it's like 10 or 15 lbs.
"Probably has a bunch of trash calories like sugar or oils. Not bad for bulking. Not good for being healthy 

Maybe if the bulk of the calories come from peanut butter or something it could be solid"
The dog does not look the least bit impressed.
he looks fuckin sick. his amateur career will be very very short lol.
Fyi: hanging leg raises dont work the abs primarily. They act as a stabilizer.
"I do it when dieting down to get a better idea of my conditioning, but I work in steel toe cowboy style boots so really don't like the feeling of skin or high socks rubbing against the sides of my boots for a 10-12 hour shift."
Nice shape! How many years training?
"Yes, I used it for pec flys. You use them if you bit down when you push/pull a weight, and you tuck your chin in. Usually its only for pretty heavy weights, so I don't use it often. 

I used to get a sore/clicking(?) jaw, and I find it helped. I use the mouthguard you use for any other sport."
Like when Levrone or Flex Wheeler quote Candace Owens with that shit? Yeah that's fucking cringe.
"Good fucking morning god damn it 

I hope every has a great fucking day today

What’s everyone hitting today?"
While ramy will be hard to beat if he is improved and conditioned. I think Brandon as the best shot to win if ramy is not at his best. Especially he curry improved his legs
honestly i dont trust myself to find a credible source and would feel a lot better about it knowing there was no chance i was pinning some random shit
"Your chest is pretty lacking but for MP it's not a big deal. Hammies could use some work if you plan on doing Classic or Open at some point. Otherwise you look great bro! Thick. Solid. Tight. 

I'm wondering why you're hitting a side tri in MP though? Pretty cool that they let you do it"
Thanks brother!
Such a shame he got hurt. Would have been really interesting to see how he did vs. the top guys in that era.
oh damn!
WOW
"That last point you made is so true man. They go out of their way to avoid the yolk because it has a tiny amount of fat in it, but then they go on to add fats that they deem healthy. But is olive oil a healthier fat than an egg yolk? (assuming you're not eating a dozen eggs a day)"
"Hey man, good on you for putting your foot down and taking care of yourself. Even if you delete this later on. Just wanted to say good on you for taking care of yourself."
Lol it's clearly not real
He also still looks insane at age like 70 or something
Yea found that out the hard way
"Damn dude sick physique, what's your body fat percentage"
"Sounds like something that happened to me a couple weeks back, felt a pop and sharp pain but was able to finish the rep and the rest of my push day with lighter weight. Pain went a way in less then a week and I’m back to lifting normal now"
Thanks alot man will do this from next week
Yea no thanks I’ll stick with animal protein.
"Yes that is definitely true, but working out on your abs helps to define it and thicken it."
"and if Cedric did unfortunately prematurely pass, nothing would change.  Dan Solomon and the Manion mob will never do anything to protect the athletes.... or pay them more!"
"Yoyo dieting is considered repeatedly losing weight then regaining it. So any form of bulking and cutting is classified as yoyo dieting regardless of how fast you switch between a surplus and deficit. 

Your BMR is a basically just function of your weight, body composition, and to a lesser extent genetics. That ignores a few small details but that's an accurate model. Your BMR and body composition is not significantly impacted by whether or not you immediately switch to a surplus or you reverse diet"
"Yeah it's called overly taxed and possibly damaged kidneys, most likely from being on amphetamines for adhd starting at 7 years old. The diagnosis doesn't matter, being aware and taking precautions does which Im doing"
Wow
"Absurd volume, lots of cheat reps, lots of high rep sets, but also occasional mind muscle sets and dropsets/supersets. 

I also make sure to switch things up all the time. I’ll only do the same arm movement for a month or two before switching. And I’m always looking for new weird ways to hit them. Today I found a sick cable Tricep exercise where you lay the bench in front and below it, backwards facing out, and do pushdowns while lying on the bench. Craaaaaazy pump and stretch. Just try out new things and find what gives you that pump!!"
"I still think Breon looks better than Cbum and Terrance overall. Much better conditioning than Cbum and much more details than Cbum and Terrance. Cbum and Terrance both have a better structure than Breon and certainly have some body parts that are better or comparable but pose for pose, I just don't think they beat him although I could see an argument for Cbum because of his insane structure, certain poses and size."
"&gt;0 matches

0 problems, congrats."
Making great progress!! Let's get it!!
Boys on Amazon is pretty bomb
"Yuuuuup, pretty much this"
"Lol
90% of competitors are shit at posing but mkay"
"Just all the stress from the pandemic hit me, that plus being on a cut has been too much. I never have anxiety but I'm just not happy right now, lacking positive things in life in general."
"Update: so iam sorry it took this long my doc was a bum and didn’t so the cause was simply anxiety since i was running 1100mg’s of caffein and i was already hit by my fathers death back when i was 16 in 2017 so yeah the caffeine was the cherry on top the depression i already started to drown.  I feel much better now after i talked to an neurologist and that he got to talk with me about the root of my problem my braun is simply afraid if caffeine and i had to start drinking a little bit of caffeine and i stopped worrying because i was worrying about death that i’ll not be able to do what i promised my ild man and someone else who also used to be a very good body builder and is part of my family sadly that dude never had the chance to show what he got so he was kinda wasted. I’ll try live up to their expectations since bodybuilding for me has become a personal matter rather than just a hobby i like. Also i noticed how my anxiety would die when i play beatsaber on expert which i use for cardio haha, i hope you all will have a good time, may good bless you all."
Lol!! Not sure...
"Wow he really looks great, all he has to do is bring the legs up 10% and he'll be perfect."
Posting your cycle would be much more beneficial
Three years for what lol. He can be healthy in half a year
"Glad to hear it. Wyd for cardio?? 

I'm used to running slighly less than 50k per week before I gained all this fat so I was going to do 5 to 10k five days per week, with a max of 40 collectively."
Always! Others are good too but white is GOAT.
Good luck!!!
Oh shit we used to work out at the same gym. Legit just a cloud of muscle in person.
"If you don't walk funny after taking a shit, did you even shit?"
Ban this guy please
Yeah and he won this year too.
"hehehe I'll sleep when I'm dead haha! what's sleep? hah! i once stayed up for 72hrs! heha! only one life, i'm not gonna spend a third of it asleep!  hehoahohuha!

yeah okay buddy good luck dying from total organ failure before you're 50"
"Fuck Italy too, I will support USA."
"Ok I tested out on my husband when he got out of the shower, he came into the lounge and I told him his shoulders are watermelon.
He asked if I was ok lol"
"True that, maybe more like peppercorns, not huevos"
"Thank you so much, I appreciate it! The results seem encouraging. Were you able to gain some muscle with the training? What was your workout routine like? And what was your protein intake?"
Yeah that’s cool and all but have you seen me swing the 45s and grunt really loud?
who overs balls hangs lower than the dick
No one cares about your hairy butthole and daddy issues cunt
"It's hard to tell, but I'm leaning that way. 

Once we see him in a lineup for comparison it will reveal itself."
"A calorie is a measure of the energy you get from food.

Carbs are carbohydrates, a kind of food like protein and fat.

They're different things. In fact you get calories from carbs. Eating more calories than you use makes you gain weight as a mixture of muscle and body fat. It doesn't matter what kind of food you get the calories from."
"The insult at the end of a failed, disgusting naive argument. Classic and expected HAHA"
lol yeah suppose you are right
Yeah I'm sadly very aware of that now 😂
"Just finished Warlock, but want to do something else now. I am a novice/intermediate, is there any good John Meadows program that would work at my skill level? I'm thinking Colossus"
What the hell man I thought you were Eastern European
Shots fired
Ah ha! We're gettin' the old team back together! Just like October of 2020 during the temporary banning of Edgy_Rick. The guys with underscores in their usernames don't get who they're messin' with!
"good idea, i been seeing da doctor a few times this past couple months i got an appointment tomorrow. I'll mention it."
"That would be an interesting retake of American psycho, a perfectionist bodybuilder murdering dudes who are yuger at his gym"
"Calves are awesome, thighs aren't that impressive? Guess this wasn't unheard of at the time"
Yea I got up to 330lbs in offseason and cut down from there. It was not easy.
Ah ok so when in doubt trust the text not the examples? And thanks for looking!
Wow that i looks fun. Thanks.
"It’s Logan’s to lose. Much more conditioned than Steve and bigger than the other two. Fwiw he’s still gonna get MOGGED at the O by cbum, Ruffin, Breon, etc."
Yeah you right. Probably closer to 25 since I can still see some quad
"That's what worries me about him. I get that it's bodybuilding, but the guy practically doubled in size over a period of three years. I don't want another Dallas McCarver situation where he pumps himself with a metric fuckton of drugs and ends up dead with an enlarged heart/liver/kidneys. The vericose veins are worrying as well..."
Mike o hearn as well
I fucking HATE how it's seen as normal to inbreed them to the point where they literally can barely even breathe because breeders want to exaggerate certain features. They're also ugly as fuck with those fucked up looking heads/faces.
Well that explains your psychopathic comment and history. I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain basic empathy and sympathy to you. I hope you grow out of such a terrible mental state.
"If I care more about the way my shoulders look, and not how strong they are, which variation would be the best?

\-Standing Barbell OHP

\-Seated Barbell OHP

\-Standing Dumbell OHP

\-Seated Dumbell OHP

Thank you"
"Sucks your getting down voted by these guys that are just fan boys when you are right. His only actual transition is from his Lat Spread through to his Side Chest, after that he just does a basic set up to his back pose and even pauses to do a “hype up” motion, which isn’t posing.
His physique is fantastic no doubt, but this routine wasn’t anything special."
They're so good. Everything there is so god damn amazing.
"Thank you dude, and same. I have big dreams ahead."
"Yeah honestly there’s lots. Look up a bunch, try them n pick what you like/looks best"
"Sorry, just needed some milk and cigarettes and a completely new family."
"Don't sit around guessing who's interested, just chase the ones you're interested in"
"Yeah I figured you may be too stupid to understand. 

You too bud."
"I appreciate it, thanks."
Read the goddamn posting rules
Keep up the good work Bro.
I actually like him better without it.
I oughta do it. the guy can be funny and shit but hes been getting pissed and trying to fight people for no reason. Started when he began taking sarms
"Yes, 100 percent."
Chris bumstead is 6’0” tall lol. This dude is 6’5”. He’s much bigger.
"He sounds like Gilbert Gottfried 

/u/zortor"
"It would be better if you take some full body pics and do some videos so we can see everything. 

You can't really see what you're working with if you don't show your legs lol."
Straight into the juice hey
"Man I'd give you an award if i could🤦🏿‍♂️people who give others false expectations like this need to be called out more often, it's beyond being scum"
They hate you cause they aint you. Keep that chip on your shoulder and steal their clients. #ABC
Bad bot
I like chocolate but I’ve hated every chocolate whey I’ve ever tried.
I think Ronnie is a lot smarter than people give him credit for. He majored in accounting and got like straight A’s.  The thick southern drawl may throw some people off but he’s nobody’s fool.
"Keep working hard and eating right buddy, it'll come soon enough"
Bi is too straight for this sub.
I was a skinny as fuck kid till 22. im probably 80lb heavier at 25. stop complaining and let life do its thing
Nope . Pull ups are one of the best exercises you can do …… if you can do them
"They’re pretty fun, it’s like a standing preaching curl."
Opinions on running CD2 on a mild deficit?
"Yes, training volume stimulates the body to build muscle mass. Overall strength is highly correlated with muscle cross-sectional area, so you will get stronger. You need a caloric surplus too, so eat a lot, but lifting weights is key."
"lol..yeah I do what douche bags say..go suck your girlfriend's boyfriend's cock and choke on it, like you do every other Tuesday.. learn some manners and go thumb thug someone else, you aren't impressing anyone. there is zero chance I give you anymore jerk off material."
Two a day workouts and lifting partners like Jared feather and Mike israetel helps too. Along with experienced coaches running your cycles and PCT.
Am I doing it wrong or right? Any tips I'm not the best at posing
Reddit app gave me a Best Buy add underneath lmao
"Trust me I tell her that, and she says “I know” but at the end of the day, whether her reasoning is valid or not, she wants to work out her abs more."
what a strange take on a piece of cardio equipment.
Nice lat development
"You need posing practice. 

Looking good though, learn how to present it properly."
I don’t snack when I cut personally
Nah I just think it’s funny seeing literally everyone disagree with you. It’s like walking into the public square spouting some bs and getting booed off the soapbox
I switched to dumbbells exclusively and never looked back.
"“I hope people close to you get covid and die”

“I don’t wish death on anyone”

-You

Listen I’ve messed with you long enough, and I should’ve stopped a while ago.

I mean this very sincerely: you seem really young (not in a negative way). It’s a bummer to be jaded at any age but it is especially sad to be hateful and jaded when you’re young. Ideally your outlook on life is a little more positive. So, maybe unplug from whatever it is that has stoked so much hatred in you. In the end, you’re the one that loses.

Hope you have a good day, take it easy"
Poor old dude having to watch that. Lol
"&gt;John meadows DIED?! No no noooo

Not the best way to find out that legendary Mountain Dog is dead."
"Filling out your frame can help so much, just dont buy into the “inner chest” workouts and people saying you can target that. Bring up the chest and the gap will get smaller and smaller as you fill out. Keep it up!"
"Thanks man! Bulk started at 170lbs at the beginning of February.

I don't typically track my big 3 but I can say I did add weight to them all.  Throughout this bulk I've been doing an Arnold Split and have been doing bench and squat as part of them but not deadlifts.  My working weight on squats and bench probably went up 15 or 20lbs over the course of the bulk.  I have been doing RDL's on leg day and those prob went up 20lbs over the bulk.

Once a year I do a mock PL competition for people with home gyms and all 3 lifts were up on that from last year (Squat +20, Bench +20, Deadlift +15)"
So just more food would lead to like 80 more pounds of quality muscle? Why don't every other bodybuilder just do that if it's so easy?
"It wasn’t my comment, but okay"
😂 cancelled 😂 sounds like a bunch of kids who don’t even contribute anything financially to the Olympia anyway.
Thanks man I keep this in mind and check out jps website
190lb of lean mass wouldn’t be a bad start. At like 12% BF you’d be about 215. So aim for that.
No you’re tall and sexy bb
Yup. Pretty controversial to win when you're not going against anyone else. I felt no one should have won that year.
"Lmao your fiancée is totally overshadowed by your ass, congratulations btw!"
"True. I've tried deadlifting for a couple years and I've finally come to terms with the fact that it's just not a lift for me. No matter how good my form, I almost always get low back pain. Barring about 3 times I didn't, it's just not worth it. I can hit all those muscles other ways... But it sucks cuz it's a fun lift that makes me feel like a badass (then I'm like, ow my fucking back)."
I love how serious he is about the ball
Congrats on the big win brother sounds like you had an incredible game!!   One of the best feelings in the world is popping off in any type of competitive event.
"Haha it's okay, everyone has their opinions I guess 😊
Thanks for your comment. Appreciate your kind words!"
Definitely enough. I haven’t done any sort of overhead pressing in about a year
Hope it turns around for you
It's crazy how Eddie Murphy was able to go from The Nutty Professor to ripped bodybuilder.
....im going to go cry in a corner now..
Just curious Are you natty?
Why is his ass crack being hidden?
Yeah my weight cap is 182 and I’m 194 right now with 8 weeks left. Only worried about coming in flat but maybe I’ll drop to the high 170s then carb up those 2-3 days before
Yes. We just need the next genetic phreak to come out of the shadows. Or maybe wait for Phil Heath to announce his predecessor. But knowing Phil he wouldn't want to have anyone shadow him. Much like how Jay Cutler chose young Phil to replace and dominate him...Mr Phil can't fathom being bottomed out.
Baby Groot even week Friday. Got a nasty tricep pump on the last set of Tate presses.
I was born with pretty big lats as well as playing baseball and doing manual labor most of my life. I grew up with parents who flipped houses so I was constantly using my back to move and tear stuff up. Ig it gave it a huge headstart compared to the rest of my physique
wow everything is world class except his shoulders. Needs to train or put stuff in them if ya catch my drift
Excessive muscle gain
"Cutting hard at 1lb/week, how frequently do I NEED to have a refeed?"
"thanks man, half genetic half bowling for 12 years. all my back work is with straps and i dont do any direct forearm shit"
"Leg day baby. Leg day = best day.

Wish me extreme doms swole brothers and sisters"
Looking good! How long have you been training?
Felt my lats working on dumbbell rows however it wasnt even near the contractions i get from v handle tbar rows or chest supported incline rows. After the rows i did pull ups and was surprised i could only do 2 maybe 3 if i really pushed myself when i can normally get 10. Should i still work on mmc with dumbbell rows or am i good?
Lmao this looks legit!
Mad respect
lol you’re crushing those midgets
Wtf how?
oh you mean like TOP of the game. yea your shit outta luck haha i just meant hes a pretty decent pro at his height
"Definitely going to take a long break after this competition, and let the upper catch up."
"All good, it happens man. Just do your research and find one that fits your goals. R/fitness wiki does have some decent programs if you need a place to start, without getting overwhelmed."
Lol who needs pre? I wanna go. I’m making myself take a rest day so I don’t get injured. I hate taking them
"&gt; cannabis which was a century long shit show because no one could really say what’s weed and what’s not (consider hemp, CBD, etc.)

We actually could, but the government went nuts and banned marijuana super hard and made it practically impossible to do any sort of research on it

SARMs are pretty interesting because we have a decent understanding of how and why they work, but we just don't know exactly how they'll impact the body over long periods of time"
Damn! Someone just pointed out it’s my cake day! Happy 6 years of Reddit to me!
"Ah, nice work"
"Sounds like excuses to me

""It's my genetics"""
I have him blocked. Maybe if people either ignore him or call him out for being an unoriginal homosexual he will go away.
Nice Nike shox
"One blood test means nothing. Eat well, sleep enough, don't drink etc... Get more data points, go to a doctor"
Combined with him trying to help every single hot girl with their form it is for me. Ya know when you already dislike someone then they do something weird and that weird thing becomes instantly the biggest sin in the world.
"I was trying to avoid unnecessary wear on the band by using the nylon loop on the floor and attaching the ends of bands to the bar.

Looping the band around the bar would work but I was concerned the knurling on the bar would damage the bands, and also I'd need two points of attachment on the floor.   Home gym, no rack."
"Honestly it's probably no big deal at all, but if you've got a nasty bicep pump you probably can't get as much stretch from your tricep. If I make a fist, I can tough my thumb to my shoulder pretty easily without a bicep pump, but when I've got a pump I can just about get my fingertips to my shoulders lol, and my biceps aren't even impressive. That extra inch or two might do absolutely nothing, but it's like min-maxing your character in a game, and that extra bit of stretch might make that last bit of difference, it's like a cherry on top."
That lower back damn.
This is like that picture comparing Shaq Kevin hart and yoa Ming.
"Dude, dbol and masteron wtf. Just do test for your first cycle and you will see results. Just because he’s an IFBB pro it doesn’t mean that he kbows what a good first cycle is."
"Yeah, TRT/bnc for life. It is possible to PCT from 19-nors, though. When I had to do it, I took 20 mg Nolva ED + 50 mg Clomid EOD for 6 weeks after letting things clear."
You look great! Focus on breathing when you pose..it doesn’t sound important but when you’re on stage you’ll know. It well help you be less shaky and hold the pose longer without cramping.
Damn I can't wait to hit Chest tonight. Aiming for some giant titties
Kinda wasted mine. Was laid off for 7 months and got the extra unemployment but sat at home like a lazy fuck. I guess the productive thing I did was learn I’m a lazy fuck.
Jeez bro I’m really sorry to hear that. Do your best to stay strong. Always here if you need anything man.
Obviously not but my experience is greater than most when it comes to this topic so I thought my insight would be valued. Guess not tho
lol nah I was just too small on stage. Thanks bro I will keep it up !
"naw kill la kill is actually a great show once you get past the hilarious amount of ass and tiddies for the ""plot."" kinda like how awesome shokugeki no soma is.

im glad im not a girl who would have to get specific outfits just to get a ""dont talk to me"" vibe. never got a comment on the shirt from a weeb?"
"legal cara, vejo um futuro brilhante à sua frente. vc tem página em rede social?"
Tinder still gives you a boost if you're inactive for a long time.  I deleted my account in January of 2020 and got a boost when I remade it in July 2021.
..... IME there are plenty of worse things to contend with training at a commercial gym but sure
"Agreed on the former, but neither are the majoriy of users here. 

Disagree on the second in the sense that there is not only one way or set of ways to train 'like a bodybuilder'. That mindset is needlessly limiting and weirdly common. Plenty of ways to grow and implying that some aren't 'right' because they don't fit the preconceived notion of how bodybuilders are supposed to train doesn't really help anyone."
"Thanks for the subreddit suggestion. I'll consider eating more. I've actually been cutting down on carbs, fats, and glucose during the span of my core training. Besides that, I'm compensating for them by eating healthier alternatives when I can. E.g., protein, dairy, vegetables, lean meat."
"Your updates are always amazing. I remember you talking about eating a dessert that was like an unflavord rice cake/patty with sugar-free jam on it. I know I don't have that kind of discipline, your updates are always amazing man"
"Yep, post a picture and we'll tell you"
He looks good but I can't see him being more aesthetic than serge people are saying bob Paris which I get but not this guy
That’s why I’m just tryna help the fellas out 😤😤
This. Dude their sweet chili and teryaki sauces are 🔥too
Is it ok to replace incline barbell press with smith incline barbell press for JM's Warlock? I can't really feel anything with the barbell one and am hoping the smith will make me feel it better... plus I can adjust the angle to a slight incline
"Fuck 2021 already :( RIP king, may you slay much puss in the afterlife"
"&gt; great bone structure and being a handsome dude

That is literally par for the course on this sub lol. Tho tbf, bone structure makes a big difference, but yeah I think people be face stanning way too hard on here. For steve, I believe the era and his impact make a big difference, plus people love to jerk it to the ""old school look"" and steve gives it good. I'm more of a zane/arnold stan but I love the freaks like ronnie and dorian as well."
How important is full range of motion when deadlifting? I need to buy a silencer drop pad so I don’t bother my neighbors. It will raise the bar a few inches. I saw some people in the comments saying build a platform but I’m working with a limited area. I’m putting this stuff on my apartment patio. Is this something that I’ll just have to sacrifice in order to please my neighbors?
"Awesome write up, and congrats! I’m getting ready for my very first women’s Figure show and it was fun reading about all the small details like “keeping your cover on to not show your hand.”"
He literally did one dirty bulk and never came back from it LOL dude had potential too. Not Mr O potential but definitely top 8
"I'm pretty sure I don't have the genetics for it, but if I was on Lee's shoes (that is, top 7 in the world on his prime), I sure as hell would take more than a begginer cycle and shoot for the top, and I wouldnt lie to teenagers to try to look cool lol."
Good Vito Good
so many you guys have amazing physiques
"Hope everyone smashes their lifts today, and meets their caloric requirements!"
"""But I want to compete... I want to beat you, Ian""😒"
"Stupid BF distribution gang cheching in. Arms always lean and vascular, no matter how fat I am, can see triceps striations if I flex it. 

On a cut rn and I'd swear 90% of the fat I've lost has been only on the legs, and not even in my glutes where I hold the most of my lower body fat lol."
"Yeah, you’re probably right. I had a brain cramp and somehow forgot that this post was on the bodybuilding sub; I was judging him by “normal American sedentary guy” standards, which in that case, he’s a solid 4 in the “before” photo. But for bodybuilding standards, yeah definitely around a 2 or so"
You seem like a nice person
Like sugar cookie dough. The first 20 pounds is pretty easy (7-10 weeks) the next 20 could take twice as long.
"I thought he was placed way to low this year, he looked wayyyy better than the 4th place guy and you could even make the argument for him to take 3rd from Breon."
"Okay so bang the owner and pretend it's one of the hot chicks. Come on man, adapt, improvise, and overcome."
"That machine looks like something straight out of hell...

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

*I wanna try it*"
I admire that tbh
"Rdl starts from the top and the bar never touches the ground, same movement as a sldl but with constant tension throughout."
"You kinda look like Arvid from Norseman. Just in the face, and face way slimmer obviously. Don’t mean it as an insult haha"
"14 days of progress since the gyms reopened after being shut for 6 months, only 1.4kg difference https://i.imgur.com/YKf3Mmf.jpg"
"A wise man once said, ""Not all woman are attracted to bodybuilders. Luckily, those that are are usually really hot""."
Okay explain to me why that is? Back up your claim
Wrong sub homie…
"Bruh, I’m sorry you can’t see past your own vanity, but you should really talk to someone about your obsession. I’m being honest here, it’s not healthy. You are speaking like you have body dysmorphia.

Weight does matter, as it translates directly to size. If you think any of these men are close to 155 you are out of your mind. You have a worse chest, traps, shoulders, back and you can’t pose.

The majority of judging is on how you pose and making sure you aren’t flat on stage. I’m not sure why you are still commenting man, move on…"
Drown it in mustard and call it a day
Are you Guile from street fighter and can you sonic kick
Stop drinking soda dumbass. Youre just crashing your blood sugar leaving you fatigued and nauseous. Eat healthy whole foods and do cardio
"The guy wasn’t even being obnoxious or loud at all,how is guy so hardcore yet so easily distracted? And why the fuck doesn’t he have headphones on if he’s so sensitive? What a douche"
With how spacy l am I won't complain about a common sense reminder haha.
"So as a natural lifter am I capped out on gains at around 4 years? Feel like my genetics are kinda ass if this is all I’ve got. It’s clear I’m very torso dominant but no amount of arm work seems to really make a difference. Been feelin down about it cause I’ve run taskmaster twice and I’m not sure they’ve grown at all. 

https://imgur.com/a/cF7fUtl

(These pics are from the last month, working on a cut and I’m sitting at 151)"
lmfao. that makes more sense actually
"all female bbers sound like her, the voice is put on. Have seen older videos where her voice is a lot higher. Her mug shot is what she really looks like, no filter, basically a guy with wig

a few guys on podcasts that i listen to are even  voicing their concerns about the bikini girls and how rough their faces are when up and close"
"You don’t understand how cancel culture works. They find offence in the innocuous. That’s the point. Anyways I guess a bunch of roided up “bruhs” with shrunken junk don’t have the ability to laugh at themselves, which is a sad way to live life."
"It was definitely awesome. They are all just like they appear on YouTube. Guy was the easiest to talk to, probably because I know him the best from Fouads channel. Brach told me about which guy he enjoyed beating the most in his career and why. It was definitely not what I expected. John, of course we talked about finance and credit scores lol. And Jay was really cool about taking interest in every fan. I had mentioned to him I was moving to Vegas in the future and he was asking me which gym I planned to go to lol."
Get drunk and send her a big ass apology text. 100% guaranteed to go over really well if you really put your heart into it!
"Not saying you're a liar, but Google says he's 5'6"" and usually ppl on there tend to be listed more generously with their height.  I mean, Google never lies right?? /s"
"Idk about arms, but he defintely ""waist'd"" his mid-section to get that v-taper."
Anyone else feel like it's way too widely acceptable for women to have zero hobbies? Every girl I meet spends her free time watching Netflix and browsing Instagram.
Thanks! Very happy with my back genetics !
What size are your arms? Idk if I would use the term lacking but I think the biceps are overpowering them a little bit. You have to be pushing 20 inches no?
"Oh yeah, thanks"
The blue branded special k protein cereal is really good. The cinnamon one has less protein and half the iron though if I remember correctly.
All I’m saying is before I watch porn I warm up with cbum progress pics
How do you have that much difficulty wiping your own ass....
I think handing off Grogu to Luke was solid choice. I can se where you're coming from.
I will give that a try thanks brotha!
"Haha yeah man I was in Boxing/MMA so lots of cardio until I got my arm snapped in an arm bar I started working out to strengthen my elbow, once i seen some gains I hopped on some GNC mass gainer got to the 120Lbs range and never stopped"
You look really impressive! 💪
Looks like Mac's cultivating mass paid off!
I appreciate the advice! But if I do go with the cycle do you reckon andriol capsules are of any help? During or for the pct?
"I am a huge fan of Ant, watch all his vids and follow his prep.  I like his attitude and seems like a solid guy.  However, saying that he is int he league of getting a Pro Card seems a bit far-fetched, at least at this point in his career."
"I think you need to relax, not sure why you just come on here to spout a counter argument with no substance: “yea no lol” and attach a video that is completely irrelevant."
Gotcha! Thanks
Do you think the people were really that fit or that the sculptor just sculpted them in a more pleasing way than they really were?
I wonder if he makes that face when he shits
"You look a bit like a super ripped Elon musk.

(MUSKles?)"
"&gt; bikini girls

&gt; significant amount of size

Does not compute"
Russia just doesn’t even pretend to hide it. Everywhere does it. And if you’re livelihood depends on your performance you’re going to take the drugs.
Definitely thinking therapy is a good idea. Thanks bro
That's good to hear. Google Lil Skies if you want one more reason.
Noted. Thanks dude
"god i cant fucking wait for the conservative thought train to finally be normal again. im pretty dam left, but i think having discourse is just so fucking important and id love to be challenged on my views, but when they come from ""inherent racism, lack of empathy, and the inability to think critically or think for myself(themselves)"" its just not worth listening to. i used to entertain my dad who says hes independent but is definitely conservative until he told me hes a racist hes just not loud about it. i honestly feel bad for the conservatives who dont support trump or the things going on. i actually just feel bad for all of us now that i think about it."
Ok great
They used mad ‘roids
Legs are looking amazing and them lats!!!!
"Good job champ, you can cut out sections of a text to quote someone out of context. Maybe you can go work for Murdoch media. 

I just cannot comprehend having your level of stupidity. Were your parents this stupid too? Is it their fault for not raising you properly? Where did it all go wrong?"
"I'm torn between bass and piano lol. My advice (from someone who played guitar *many* years ago) is to go to a shop if possible and just try holding some in your budget, you'll find what you like the feel of most."
Damn man that sounds intense
Lol @ everyone in the comments worked up by a troll. RELAX PEOPLE!
Make him enjoy the sport and not the hoes
21 fucking hell
"Hey man, gains are gains."
Trust me I’m not 20 percent
Welcome to the world of having addictive tendencies.
Insane delts you have there
No it's from a torn pec when I was younger. My entire right side is pulled forward.
Your hand doesn't count..
"How do you guys decide how low to go on the leg press?

There's a general notion that the larger the ROM of a movement the better the hypertrophy, but I am quite flexible and can go all the way past the brake point (so the maximum possible ROM). My reps then feel much more glute powered than quad powered.

My purpose here is just quad hypertrophy btw. (And I do set my feet very low and close together.)"
Well you picked the wrong forum cuck. There are plenty of places for you on reddit. This is a weird place to live out your fantasy.
Who gives a shit
"fun fact: /u/INTHEMIDSTOFLIONS shares a birthday with the /u/bodybuildingbot's cakeday!

That day just so happens to be TODAY!"
GOOD FUCKING MORNING
"Will sore traps, lats and bicep affect my deadlift performance?
  
I do push pull legs but deadlift on legs. My grip strength is not the bottleneck for sure."
"I agree, but Ramy won on freak standards. What he brought to the stage is impressive as hell, but imo wasn't that pleasing to look at. So that comes down to what to judge more on. Aesthetics, or impressive feats? Beauty pageant or freak show?"
Not needing masks was good?
"That should make it easier, both the experience and having someone you trust and be accountable to at the same time will help for sure."
You're welcome.
"Perhaps, but I’ve yet to find much stronger, can you recommend? 
MVPre 2.0 is one of the best most commonly used in the UK, most others seem fairly weak e.g. redcon/Ghost/ABE etc"
Hey Brad we miss you.
"Thanks, so you would suggest a massive cut to get down my BF%? I just get nervous about cutting since I don't want to go to in my lifts. I JUST was able to put two plates on a barbell and I would hate to lose that."
"Nah, I don’t cry often or feel sad often. This was just a moment of letting it out. Thanks for checking u guys are golden"
"I wish, but she was 50+ and half a ton whale."
"He blocked me on instagram back in college because I jokingly replied to another comment about him being a clown. I had about 800 followers, but he (or his social media person) went out of their way to block me. Im still blocked. I laugh everytime I see him posted, I try to check out his page but NOPE."
"Day 4 out of 10 of no caffeine/stimulants.

Damn, my sleep is so much better and restful, it's so easy to get 8 hours now. I feel tired at the right time and don't feel the urge to dick around on my phone/tablet. Perhaps there's a middle ground here when I come off this, where I just have pre-workout only since I workout in the mornings before work. Decaf for the rest of the day. There should hopefully be little caffeine left in my system by bedtime."
Looking solid. Wish you well at your upcoming shows!
Ouch. I made a mistake. At least I'm not deleting my post / account like some of these guys.
"I believe it, steel is strong af and those look like decently beefy pieces considering how short the rack is"
How do I pin this. Fuck I'll make a new comment and tag you
Congrats to Patrick! His side tricep shot is phenomenal - along with his hair and mustache.
4:14 am leg day done lol.  when do i start enjoying the punishment
Anthony Mantello looks like Trevor Wallace to me.
Ronnie would be the best. Screaming yeah buddy every 2minutes and getting the crowd amped
Thank you
"&gt; fucking teach me if i'm wrong asshole

That + your autistic screeching REEEEEE post is a great way to get help. Go ask Jeff Nippard for some advice instead."
Your about 12% ish give or take. Drop that coach NOW!!!
More like dumbells
which do you think will be better from a classic physique perspective?
Flex is MAD photoshopped here.
"I swear biceps are the most boring muscle group to workout, especially when you aren’t lean and like to wear hoodies/sweatshirts"
"I mean good on the dude for all the work he's put in and good on you for helping him, not trying to disregard the fact he looks 1000% times better"
"Agreed, insane legs conditioning 3.5 weeks out."
This so definitely not him. No one with 50k ig followers is fishing for karma on Reddit.
Give them a big fat hug
"Damn, the Gerber baby’s been eating lots of strained peas and carrots!"
I stick with a giant ass iceberg lettuce salad. Just one bag and calculate out a serving of low cal Italian dressing with it. Fills me up easy.
Thank you man
thanks bb
It's like any other sport. At the highest levels it becomes who has the best physiology to succeed. That shouldn't discourage anybody from competing though.
"I want to say that he won’t make it, but as someone who has proven people wrong, and seeing many other ppl (friends, families, social media influencers) proving “haters” wrong, I’m not gonna just flat out say nah he won’t make it. 

You never know… it’s not impossible"
"I guess I picked a shitty analogy, was just trying to say people who do this the most will be exposed to the most people who might also have underlying issues which occur in a standard frequency in the population. Oh well, guess my playing devils advocate fell flat 🤷🏻‍♂️"
"Exactly! And let me just expand on the point I made above that you also touched base on about the job. Notice how I didn't say a high-paying job. 

Potential partners (regardless of gender) like to know that you've got stability and they like to see you be passionate about something. You don't need a ""good"" job, just do the best that you can wherever you are, and find a good hobby that you're passionate about outside of work."
"Does Ryan Terry have like no vascularity or is that just me? I've never seen it in photos and then I looked at training footage when he's diced to the socks with shoulder striations, yet I can't see a bicep vein mid-curl"
"Well yes, but you can find some more interesting workouts online than just pushups and pullups"
No i am calling Paul Dillet un conditioned...you're funny though boy x
The problem is that theres always variance in the accuracy of your caloric and energy expenditure. We can get very good ESTIMATES of what we burn during a workout and how much we consume but its nearly impossible to always know to a tiny margin what we burn during exercise. Hence its better imo to go a bit over than go for the perfect minimum. Daily energy expenditure for instance is NEVER the same. Maybe you bounced your leg at your desk for 10 minutes more than you average and that burned 10 more calories. Why risk losing your gains by trying to eat the minimum over your DEE?
"Americans be like Im irish mate, never having left the state of texas"
Either or but I'd recommend having some food before working out.
Looks like a well bathed normal sized man inside an oiled muscle suit
It's crazy what myonuclei can do when you've created enough of it from years of training.
"Forget the back, this guys neck has wings."
"Yeah I agree. When I go to the gym I try and super set most exercises (other than the heaviest lifts I start my workout with).

I was just wondering if you had like 2-3 hours between exercises if you could lift more (presumably yes) and therefore make bigger gains.

We're on the same page though, it's a hypothetical question really because I was considering involving training like this alongside my normal gym workouts."
"True. I wish I knew what would make me happy over what I think may make me happy. Only to get there and expecting a windfall of emotion and warm glow, or at least feel like I'm glowing like a fireball in the night sky. Except I'm not."
No
"Wait Jesus fuck I have actually made fookin abysmal progress in the last MULTIPLE years. Looking at old lifting videos, this is horribly depressing. 

Finishing this cut out strong even though I’m small, then sending it on a bulk. Perfect sleeP. Perfect diet. Planned out meals, pre workout, post workout meals, well structured program with scheduled deloads 

Fookin abysmal i tell you.."
I sure hope so
Fuck it was probably radioactive.  Yikes.
"Man, I'm surprised by the top comments, they seem to make sense, when something related to exercise gets popular in Reddit it's usually full of people putting excuses."
Looking pretty solid tho ❤️ good job
"Haha that’s exactly how I do them too, I just avoid them cause I’m a tremendous germaphobe. Even that is too close for me. Lying leg curl always makes me uncomfortable too"
Well done!  Those abs are super!
"That's not shady at all haha I'll probably add yohimbine once I'm a little leaner and doing fasted cardio, hope it helps a bit with the goddamn abdominal fat."
Wrong sub homie…
Kick fat boys ass !!!
This motherfucker is the anti-Regan Grimes
I’d like to keep my neck
Elvis Presley’s long lost brother.
This was my guess too. She won and and quit now without potentially ruining the rest of her life and ruining whatever is left of her female hormones.
"Funny enough my planet fitness in georgia requires you to wear a mask to get in but you are not required to wear it while actually working out. Like almost everyone there, I take it off the minute I get onto the floor, maybe 1/4 of the people there are wearing masks. Im vaccinated and dont give a fuck now, but like also the gym was the one and only place I didnt wear a mask before this soooooo"
Yeah I didn’t do a long term remake. They deleted the boost for short term remakes because people like me were abusing it since their system tanks your account over time to make you pay money for premium
"My doctor just said that everything is fine, But I really think it's not."
Haha I keep telling myself/my friends I won’t watch another one after AOT but I probably will.
Called hard work and great genetics man
"I'm not saying they look bad but from the side chest shot they lack a sweep. Throws the arms off a little bit since his biceps are good. This is nitpicking, but that is what bbing is about. Great physique nonetheless. He's made huge progress"
Yep.
"Ah, yes. The kitchen-corridor lighting—where we all look like Adonis."
Lol yeah that’s me
Welcome cunt &lt;3
"I was fat and bad looking in general until I was 19-20. Then I got skinny and from there went into the eternal loop of bulk a bit and cut a bit so little progress.

What made me not care about how I look was gaining the real confidence problem I had that was social interaction in general, and with women in particular. Just exposing myself to social situations and having to interact with new people, with time made me comfortable and with it came not caring about how I see myself. I mean, I think I'm fat and small but it doesn't bother me, it's just a reason to improve and keep pushing in the gym so that's a positive IMO."
Well you made a joke then referenced real things like the posters and murals. I get sarcasm but there’s just too many smooth brains on here
Thanks!
"Shit your 16!! You don't need shit! Lifting weight is supposed to be fun! When I was your age i had a 305 bench, 435 squat and 485 deadlift!(6'4 195-200lbs)... Hit the gym with a good split and eat it all!"
I wish chipotle could add potatoes. That’s be bomb
Pretty sure that’s still the average weight
"That’s loose skin my guy. However it is not a severe amount of loose skin. I could be wrong though. I don’t have any experience with that. Regardless, you look like you’re in good shape. It might get worse as you cut a little more. But it might become less significant over time as you bulk and cut and bulk and cut. Idk. I wouldn’t stress about it. I don’t think there are any ways to quickly get rid of it besides filling it up (gaining the wait back) or surgery"
Only thing you didn't have that was better than everyone else is calfs. And I don't think not having calfs should degrade you from 1st to 6th. The judges were not professional at all.
"Sounds like she left out your calves, bro."
I'm trying to lose a lot of fat and I'm not deficiting above normal for how much I weigh (at most it's a 1000 calorie deficit and I weigh 105kg on a 176cm body). My nutrition is on point and my sleep is not too terrible either. I'm not following any program
"To be fair, it was a kind of silly question."
Indoor . I live close to my gym so i walkout with my gym cloths
If I stand up too fast after yeah
He said it was worth it in almost half of his videos. He knew what he was doing.
Will do lol
I like Steve as a person but he gets way too much praise for his physique imo. He's big and has some solid body parts but overall the flow isn't there and he seems washed out half the time
"For clarification. Are you feeling it actually in the armpit (like where your armpit hair would grow,) or the area directly in front of your armpit (like the bridge between your front delt and pec)?"
Thanks
Wait is he not absolutely covered in fake tan? Is it even bodybuilding without all the tanning?
"Iain has become my favorite YouTuber, outside of Fouad."
You shouldn't glue pubes to your chin like that
He looks a lot better and bigger than logan for sure
Yes that’s the name thank you lol
"Sure, sorry completely new to this lmao. Also what’s lemon party?"
Dude looks like DarkShine from One Punch Man.
Nick looks like he spilled Fluoroantimonic acid on his leg
"Yeah you're absolutely right, we only get one body after all. Not to mention alot of dudes on gear particularly harder shit are way more at risk for heart disease, combined with a huge ass frame I also definitely wouldn't risk anything if that was case, it'd be foolish to straight up encourage people to increase their cholesterol on a subreddit like this, but I am highly curious about what relationship they have between each other and it's still worth talking about when cholesterol is the precursor to any anabolic hormone."
Oh fuck yeah. I’ve yet to watch season 3 but 1-2 are top tier.
"I try to give people the benefit of the doubt in that I know if I personally like some random shorts or tanks I'll buy a few of them and it may appear that I'm wearing the same shit when in reality it's just an identical item.

But if they smell that's a problem man"
"Headphones can go crazy in price, one of my old friends owns a recording studio and he has a couple pairs from sennheiser that are like 55,000 a pair or something, they sound like normal headphones to me but I think the ones he has are specifically used for tuning up high and low frequencies that humans can't hear too well"
"Bruh, take a look at some zyzz progress pictures, he went from complete skinny cunt to the aesthetic monster he became"
"Looking good! Like resetallthethings said, definitely more arm volume"
Yeah idk what I was expecting as an answer really :) Was just really proud I guess
"""now that I know how defensive people get and how little they read and understand.""

Did it ever maybe cross your mind after looking at all the downvotes that you've received and all the people calling you an idiot that maybe just maybe it's you that's the defensive idiot and not the 20+ people calling you out?"
"Yeah, natural guys can get pretty big if they have a reasonable body fat percentage. I would love to see a separate category of natural bodybuilding where the contestants were a little fluffy but with actual muscle mass."
Seriously - old directors seemed to have ironically poor taste in aesthetics.
yeah george and john were both mass monsters /s
the cuts gonna go crazy brotha
Gonna be a year of shitty homeworkouts with shitty old weights in a cramped room coming up for me. It's so demoralizing seeing something that used to be enjoyable and rewarding turn into a chore that gives diminishing returns. Lifting at home feels like your desperately clinging onto gains that will leave anyways. But we carry on!
"looking good, gyno makes you look a little fatter so don't be discouraged"
Yeah I do somewhat of a rowing machine motion
Idk if grill like me. If I get stronk then she might
Took me like 6 years to figure it out haha
Because everyone in /r/ketogains is wrong.
"I feel bad for your GF, there’s just no way her friends and family don’t constantly grill her about that lol"
"I appreciate you sharing your story.

Your motivations for deciding to hop off are sound. There are more important things in life, and if you're living somewhere in which the consequences of possession are more dire, it makes perfect sense.  


I hope you can manage to do some sort of TRT/HRT to keep afloat. Good luck."
"I’ll just be pissed if another coach comes out and says their athlete’s bloodwork is “perfect” only for them to later die from a “preexisting condition” known as “excessive anabolic use”. 

I don’t know if Jansen had a big role to play in Dallas’ death but it’s all too common for coaches to bullshit super hard when it comes to mass monsters. No Olympian is going to have good blood work; they might have good blood work for a *bodybuilder* on significant amounts of research chemicals."
"&gt; Dudes claimed sub 1% bf, negative bf, natty when he won the olympia

I could totally see the bf thing coming from him maybe using a less than reliable, shall we say, test that gave him that ridiculous result and he thought it was correct/just went with it anyway.

He's usually said at other times that he was natty at first and got a pro card that way but didn't start winning the Olympia until after Flex introduced him to certain compounds. You can really never be certain of shit he's said because as you said, it's all over the place"
Is this the same guy that kept arguing with a teenager on a live stream?
Best comment today.
I always want to ask id I can skip if if I show them a vid of me gobblin some knob. At least they’re good for identifying the single digit IQ homophobe fuckers.
I like Nick but I'm rooting for Iain V. Love how the whole fam is bodybuilding. And I do believe Iain can win it especially when he expects a top 5 at olympia
It was a bad joke and my legs are bigger than your future little guy
Natural lol
I feel similarly after going from gamma bomb to building the colossus. Being able to give it my all for just a set or two feels fantastic.
Are there any amazing protein sales going on rn? Myprotein has a lot but they also jack up the prices conveniently
Haha holy shit I cant believe you said that. We're on a discussion form about muscular men in thongs all oiled up. What is gay about that
"Please don't call me that, it hurts my feelings."
Very true although if you were a hyper responder who competed and admitted couldn’t give a fuck about anything else besides winning don’t you think you’d be to concerned about injecting as much gear as you could get your mits on.
"Wrong sub homie, try posting in r/fitness or r/twinks you’ll get way better response"
Dude you’re not even that tall lol
What the fuck do you expect on a bodybuilding subreddit?
Yeah i agree
"not good enough to win classic, would get crushed in 212 so... looks like third place it is!"
Biggest progress I've ever had in deadlift was when I got strong in various rows and back movements in general. That plus some nice work on Romanian DL will bring your numbers up for sure.
"No you weren’t. I get it, I’d be embarrassed too if posted cringe like that."
Like what?
"Fuck man, I really wish I didn't have such shit genetics...and also lack conviction."
Height and weight would be helpful as welll as goals. Without any of that I’d say you have muscle and a decent amount of fat.
"If you're a lady then prepare to get rich and rate dick pics!

If you're a dude, prepare to cram an unholy amount of stuff inside all if your holes to be successful."
"Protein high, carb and fat low , water 3 liter , workout with cardio , consistency and patience"
Nice muscle bellies bro
"What an awful take lol, these shows would suck if you were a judge"
I want more of this bicep cancer
"Alright bois AITA here?

Accidentally elbowed someone while hitting the bag. Said ""my bad bro"" &amp; he just walked away; whatever maybe he didn't hear me.

Bumped into *the same manlet* as I walked backward from the heavy bag &amp; he just tried staring me down.

AITA for not watching the mirror, as he unkindly mentioned, or should he be *watching where the fuck he's going*???"
Nice
is everything ok? do you need someone to talk to?
Nice work!  Back even more defined.  Keep it going.
Ikr I feel like npc is  just to get your foot in the door but there are competitors that could easily win the IFBB without npc.
Im just disappointed his penis wasnt smiling
lol I don’t know why I wasting my time with a dude who is probably a school shooter type kid… whatever man
Hahah amazing
You would be surprised how easy it can be to learn some of the advanced bodyweight movements with a small amount of time and effort each day. You may well still have time for your normal weighted isolation work too.
"Totally agree. I’m not too bothered about the veins etc. But his physique is not “aesthetic”, albeit it’s very impressive and the work ethic to achieve that is amazing. But there’s no classic v-shape. He seems to have no neck. He’s so out of proportion his head looks tiny. He seems to be a poster boy to show what happens when roids are overused, starting from his exaggerated trapezius muscles. Despite this, respect. I feel bad criticising him because I know I can’t achieve 50% of what he achieved. So I feel bad dishing him."
Depends on the context. There’s a special corner of hell reserved for those who leave russet skins in a mash.
"Bro you've been spinning your wheels starving yourself and developing an eating disorder for a year now. You're young and in college, just walking to the dining hall twice per day probably puts your maintenance above most of the people here. Eat 2500 calories and do 20 minutes of cardio on upper body days. Stop starving yourself."
Crazy interesting! If you have any other info on food and gear stuff would love to hear it!
"Yeah, me too, but you don't see me doing heroin bc of that"
Literal lol
Just saw that. Shit sucks!
"Yeah, I go 100% all the time. Btw now it's gone so it's good"
"What’s wrong with a little bit of physical touching? You got a social anxiety or something? all my life I have noticed that older people often do more touching than young people. this is probably because this was not a problem back in the days. now everything is sexual assault and scary! it's just a pat on the back, as it sound.🤔

What’s wrong with that? Starting a me2 movement for a little pat on the shoulder? 🤔"
"Really solid looking for being 17 and tall! Filling out your physique will take some time, but nail down your conditioning and presentation before the show and you should do quite well!"
I never heard that either. That's pretty strict.
"God give me Phil over Kai any day. I like it when the great ones are cocky, if anyone’s earned it it’s them. That fake deep shit is obnoxious. Kai seems like he’s been through some real shit but man his personality (on camera) is so annoying"
"Right? It’s like he took GASP promotional materials seriously and now thinks he’s some kind of badass warrior. I know literally nothing about fighting but I’m pretty sure if you’re four feet tall, have tons of chronic injuries/mobility issues, and have limited cardio capacity you’d get thrashed in a fight against pretty much anyone"
Seems retarded. When youre doing seated db press your elbows are supposed to be slightly towards one another not 90degrees. Better piece of advice is that you dont even need to over head press anything your shoulders will blow up doing accessory work
"That's so true lol I left out the part about you being a walking billboard for them.

All kidding aside, can you really put a price on a decent pwo and a new industry friendship?"
20 and no juice . . . Does not pass smell test
"No, what?! I absolutely hate and love and hate mitt Romney and I love this new horse dancing thing so I can't imagine combining the two would be anything short of amazing!"
Damn it. Thanks bb
"Stupid people do stupid things.

I'm really surprised"
RDL and Good Morning maybe ?
Money can be made bro. Please go to the hospital.
LMFAO been there man thanks for the story just cracked me the fuck up. the considering making myself throw up killed me. same way over here once i break the seal its over with
"Just use straps. 

It's hard to tell from this angle, is your shoulder joint directly above the bar when you are pulling? You don't want to get 'ahead' of the bar. Your hips are probably fine though, unless you need to move your torso back to get directly over the bar in which case they might need to drop a tiny bit."
You are one beautiful sum'bitch.
"Sounds good yeah, at least for the mental part of not struggling with things like the thought of ""hey I'd eat this but I know I can't"". Guess you're at that point where your body somehow doesn't want to grow more, seems something common amongst guys that get to that level."
ok thank you
That's currently ruining me man. 2 years. She's at the gym at the same time as me right now
"oh man, asking for advice then talking shit to people who give advice.

What a knob"
If all you have is 3 days and want to do glutes just do heavy high reps squats and hip thrusts 3x a week. Strong thicc ass and legs in no time.
They have cold cuts and cheap ass chicken wraps.
"Well, you of all people would know lol"
Haha I appreciate it!
"Idiot Leg Presses 3000 Pounds
https://youtu.be/3zdvy0X_ZL0"
"Lookin' thick, solid, and tight brah.

What are your stats?"
He used his grandfathers death for clout. This isn't surprising. The best thing to do would to NOT bring him up or post his clips here. Any attention good or bad only feeds him. Ignore and let him yell from the distance like the irrelevance he is and stay focused on remembering the good person that John was.
"I feel you , I’m 6’3 and 185, the struggle is real."
Well man that must be nice to have such a level-headed parent like that!
"You literally agree with me, only problem is I don't take anything and never have. If I were to get more respect and less shit on, why in the world would I lie. I've said this countless times, I'm going to compete naturally, see if I like it, then hop on gear. And when I do, I'm gnna document it."
"Good luck man.  While its obvious you started using something after looking back at your pics from 1 year ago, its never easy to admit publicly what you use when you are a 19 year old so I forgive you lol.  I don't forgive this sub for being this dumb tho

but yeah, natty achievable? yeah def, some sketch stuff on the traps/shoulders, but its the 1 year gains that you made that make it obvious besides your shoulders.  its just silly to try to lie tho but its what most young guys or people trying to be influencers do"
"It's very tragic that he died--regardless of the cause--but he's kinda got a point. The last thing the bbing community needs is more smog from gear-related deaths.

Although, it wouldn't be the worst thing in the world for there to be some regulations to protect the health of competitors. I'm strictly addressing the stigma surrounding bbing"
"so top 3 olympia is just ""give up and switch divisions"" ???"
Probably a lack of some other unmentionables as well...
The initial lift was good bro. You want to make sure that you follow the same range of motion on your down also though. You used your lower back a lot by leaning forward when you finished your rep and that can cause injury.
"&gt; just the obvious continue to lose the fat, and put on as much muscle as you can

well I was trying to bulk up a bit but I suppose it is time soon to switch to cutting."
"To be honest I've always found Arnolds political shit, especially recently, dislikable. I just kind of shrug my shoulders and enjoy his bodybuilding and movie career but I can understand why somebody like Calum would take it more personally."
I mean this man probably played sports too on the before working out so he was probably in good shape to begin with on the left. Add extremely gifted genetics and the gym in and you get that result. Really not that hard to believe lol
"Sugar free ketchup, hot sauce, seasoning etc. they taste like nothing so you can flavor it however."
Impressive
Yeah I saw those calories last time he posted and as a 6’2” dude my jaw dropped. He must feel like absolute shit rn.
Wow.  This is a bit one sided in almost every category.
Nice
Grab some heavy dumbbells and do some partial rep side lateral swings.
Jus tryna look like the chef emoji irl
yeah man
"Idk man, I go hard on those good girl bad girl machines and still get it almost weekly."
"Wtf? I thought chris was natural, not some filthy cheater. I am so disappointed and will no longer support him."
Hopefully he makes enough to afford gyno surgery
"His death was the first ""celebrity"" death that actually hit me. Was an avid watcher and when those vlogs suddenly stopped I was shook."
"Nah, I was the no leg day guy for about four months… I KNOW they’re weak! I am hitting them hard now, and hope to have an update in a few months."
I was suprised no one else did
u/pectorial_major please remember to post credentials in this thread when giving advice.  This will serve as your warning.  Thanks!
"This fine, trust your coach and keep digging."
"Haha haven't received it yet, just placed the order, it's a [Frost River I'mOut](https://www.frostriver.com/imout-duffel-bag/) bag though, I had the laurentian one a while back and somebody stole it off my porch, this is gonna be my replacement"
"Dude is super busy right now. Between the new baby, the gym, massive influx of clients, YouTube, and the apparel side of the business, he's got his plate full. He does a lot of this himself too, not sure how much his brother is involved anymore."
Lmao
That was easily by far the weirdest tangentially-bodybuilding-related thing I have ever seen.
Party pooper
Idk about that robert timms conditioning is unreal too
"Thank you for your kind words, but in the future if you encounter someone with very serious depression, do not use the words ""Using depression as an excuse"""
I appreciate your compliments
Luke’s death was from suicide
Great job man!
"Very nice. He deserves it from the front, but honestly I figured he wouldn't win because of his back/hams/glutes. Dude looks very good, in a couple years he'll be absolutely unstoppable I think."
"Sick progress man, nice job there! Only thing I'd consider is the training frequency, if you prefer to do 6 days make sure you don't overdo the volume. Also, it's probably time to up the calories a bit and see how your body responds. Keep killing it!"
"If you guys like seltzer, nothing compares to spindrift. By far the best I’ve ever had. Uses real fruit too and not natural/artificial flavorings"
continue working bro 👍 looking good though
Appreciated 👍🏻
Nice
"Had something strange happen. I was at home, wrapping up the workday when I heard keys jingling from someone trying to get into my apartment, which is odd since I live alone. I figured they just absent-mindedly went to the wrong apartment, so I just waited for them to stop. She said she was trying to get into my apartment, to which I asked why? She laughed, thinking I was joking, and kept trying, so I got up and looked through the peephole. She even said that I sounded like the person she was trying to visit. I opened the door so that she could see that I wasn't whoever she was looking for. I figured she must have the apartment number right, but was probably looking for the building next door or across the street, and told her that.

She was pretty hot. Because I'm not Johnny Sins, and this is real life, that's all that happened. Tbh, this made me realize how lonely I am."
Good bot
Que lol
"PT started immediately after. Doctor cleared maximal effort 12 weeks post surgery. Didnt to previous weights until 16-18 weeks after


Pretty much did pt as recommended daily. Then did dumbbell press 3x a week, 3x20 each time. Week 1 was 5lb and increased 5lb each week. So 3 workouts with the same weight before increasing"
bagels are great i get the ones from sams club the everything bagels. 300 calories and macros aren’t too bad either
Portland hipsters sound way better than the ones we got over here on the east coast. Not uncommon to find them putting dogs on vegan diets and not even giving them vitamins or anything. Our hipsters aren’t even *good* at hipstering.
Goddammit you made me spit my water out lol
"Big Ramy, just won his second Mr. Olympia this year."
That was powerful af
Both can kill you. My grandmother got the Pfizer and spent 2 days with her doctors thinking she was going to die. Most of my family was there saying good bye
"OSRS, Classic WoW are pretty fun to play solo"
Strong app has limits. Use Jefit instead.
Yea I don't blame you at all there haha :D
. A friend of mine had same surgery as a adult and his are similar. Kudos to you it takes dedication to reach what you obtained.
"Job hunting while having a job is true dedication to life improvement bc I stress myself out over it for no reason. Like, why can't I just be chill either way? I got a job smh

Nope. 12:30 tryna wind down after psyching myself up to write that cover letter and submit my app. Why my brain. Why."
Nobody here is saying his physique is bad. It’s the fact that he lies about his steroid use. You’re active in the natty or juice sub and that says a lot about you.
"My weakness is thick thighs, a fat ass, &amp; weird women bc I'm autistic &amp; weird."
Very impressive.
Lmao dude refuses to lift in tight pants bc he thinks people will think he’s gay. It’s like he’s in 6th grade. How fucking insecure can you be. I honestly feel a little bad for Guy sometimes
"Right so I’ve fucked my left rotator cuff, I was doing rear deltoid flies and I think I stretched it out too much. 
I’ve just started going gym again so don’t wanna stop working out. I’m ok for legs, biceps and traps, I can do them fine.
But for back, chest and triceps what exercises can I do that don’t stress the rotator cuff?
Any help would be greatly appreciated"
He was actually natural though for a small part of his career.
You’re good man lol. Just read up on everything you should know in the wiki section of that sub
It’s useless for those who don’t understand basic percentages.
"And whether you're honest or not is also a different story... Gotta love the attention whore, ego boosting, clout chasers.  Granted u did make a pretty solid transformation regardless of ur PED use so your type of postings are more justified than others but still its p shallow the nattyornot on urself when the after pics are always super juicy"
"I hate the people that bring a speaker to the gym, can’t you wear headphones? Makes me want to get one and just blast mine on top of theirs."
I've seen both and honestly I have no idea.
"Sometimes during long workouts, i swear i can feel his strong, manly hands help guide my bar up"
Lay off the GH and you’ll be solid.
"Great quads, man. What kinda work do you do for legs?"
Make a chocolate and peanut butter shake with whole milk a lot of calories and good asf
The risks that people take . Wow
"Thanks, nice to hear 💪 but to be honest the quads are uneven and I've hard times looking at the chest... But I guess we all know that :D"
Thank you. It’s office based and I’ve never done anything like it so it will be good to trial. Worst case I go back to my old job which I enjoy.
"No, he threw in a ""uh"". That wasn't obvious to be a quote. Suck it"
Go to a fair &amp; do that challenge to beat the 90 second record of holding onto a bar
"Damn man thank you I appreciate this, and yeah familiar with certain stacks is likely a must at some places.

I’ll look into Python interactions with SQL as I see that in many postings.

The day to day actually sounds quite interesting - I’m sure the process isn’t exciting but having that data/presenting the results must be somewhat fun. Did you enjoy the work?"
sounds dope!  front squat them shits
"Strawman fallacy. Just because I disagree with lockdowns doean't mean I disagree with everything else.
I often get the seatbelt argument. Seatbelt don't prevent you from driving, they don't slow your car down, they are therefore not a big price to pay for a net benefit.
Lockdowns on the other hand are an immense price to pay for an minor if not non existent benefit. We did not know that in March of 2020 be we now have data to show us that they do not achieve the desired effect but create a terrible environment for almost everyone that is not extremely privileged to not have their lives affected.

And I'm not American, I'm French an I live in Australia where 1 positive case send a whole state into lockdown."
"Man he looks so comfortable too, he just knows he’s shredded"
First off clean your diet up
"Sorry about the lighting, this was one of the best camera positions I could find and I didn’t even think about it however, the right pec (dom arm) is completely flat and as you can see my left is not. Thank you for this, eating is something I really do need to work on some days I run on pure junk."
"Very good progress overall, but specially those delts and the quad sweep, looking on point!"
"This. For fucks sake, anybody heard of genetics. Some people have different shapes to their bodies. What a fucking joke here."
Congrats!  Life gains
"Oh that’s ez bby!

tight at the cuffs on the biceps - a little squeeze near the pecs and upper back. 

It’s a subconscious confidence boost!"
"I thought bodybuilding itself is pretty vain, and I’m pretty damn okay with that"
"I like the little wrist twirls before he does the mandatories and I think it’s a nice touch. Can you put rhinestones on your posing trunks for the show or is that just for the open class? If I was to compete which would never happen because I’m a 400lb fat white guy, but if I was, I would get those dorm decoration lights from Amazon and they change colour so you can save money because if you put them on your posing trunks they can change the look for the prejudging and the night show. Also make sure the show has good bathrooms to do Coke in to drop the last film of water. Just be careful my friend almost died doing that back in the day. Cheers."
Thanks a lot😄
I’m sure if he stepped out a time machine he would see the competition and come thru conditioned like nobody’s business.
Love the conditioning
That’s actually super cute tho
Yeah but Arnold is literally 1 in a billion
"Good luck. Yeah people used to go to wisconsin to avoid the illinois politics but they seem to have followed. Still like how shredded cheddar runs their shows, they do a great job. Good luck!"
stop posting this shit
You look good in both pictures
Just ignore them. Who's gonna force a BBer to wear a mask? LoL.
fuck them kids bro
"If the governemnt do what's best for society, and we voted them in, and what's best for society is suppressing a deadly virus that would result in much of the population dying or becoming sick for months and suffering long term consequences until enough people are vaccinated wouldn't that make the law ""just""?"
"That is a stupid ass joke, even sandycocks is cringing"
Why the actual fuck would you use turkesterone as an appetite suppressant lol
How the fuck can you strict curl the same weight as you can bench
Doesn'ta matter how long I takes. Just stick at it till you get there 👍
good shit homeless dude were are you getting all the fkn protein tho?
"2 sets of 29 reps, no more or less."
"Double chin and fake tits, I disapprove, but yes I did have a good workout today, wbu"
Thank you!
"This ^^^

You have to be leaner if you want abs, either cut your calories of cut carbs and replace with more meat and veggies."
"Why would you ruin your endocrine system at such a young age with PEDs man? I started exogenous hormones when I was 25 and I still have noticed long term effects. Your destroying your body too young bud, you look great but seriously consider the costs brother. I have 100s of people contact me for advice and I hate seeing the youth dig them selves a lifelong hole they won’t recover from. 

Putting that aside nice gains bud"
"Yea, his death was a pretty big shock :(

Especially as I was excited for his new band going back to Bodom's old roots"
"Track, that’s my excuse and hopefully my excuses for many years to come but we will see. 


Has it been a good month at the dealership?"
You have weak muscles and you have strong muscles. Make your weak muscles stronger to match your strong muscles.
"Yeah, you’re still a teen. 16 is a perfect age to start lifting."
Yeah no doubt. Just need to push past mental and physical barriers to bring the best package I can and let the judges decide where I deserve to be
"The trick is to undercook the onions. Everybody is going to get to know each other in the pot. I'm serious about this stuff. I'm up the night before, pressing garlic, and dicing whole tomatoes. I toast my own ancho chiles. It's a recipe passed down from Malones for generations - it's probably the thing I do best."
Look online. Social media is a blessing for these kinds of things
Shitty injury
"It’s an amateur show, and yeah I was originally going to wait for 2022 to do my first show, but this one popped up and I figured I may aswell give it a shot in an amateur show to see if I enjoy BB as much as I hope I will before I get too deep haha. But thank you for the feedback 🙏🏼"
R u guys friends? How did u end up training together if u don't mind sharing
"To paraphrase the great Ronnie Coleman: ""Everybody wanna be a warrior, but don't nobody wanna do no killing, dying, watching your friends die, taking IDF, spending months/years away from your family, turning in CIF gear, listening to Gunny's addition to the CO's libo brief...."""
Giving the rest of us hope :)
We already wished him a happy birthday and it's not in the budget for us to throw him a second party just because you were late.
your butthole must hate you
What's the best program to maximize hypertrophy if you want to train 6 days per week?
I am already a failure so I don't need to worry about that
anyone got any good hamstring exercises besides rdl's and leg curls? this is pretty much all i do and i needa grow these fuckers
Congrats and I hope you get that card!!
"Yep, and I think cbum looks totally fine with his hairline at 25."
"I thought it was nonsense. My maintenance is about 2500kcal and I wanted to drop it over 500kcal. 

I thought I read something about “then protein will be primary used as fuel instead of healing muscles”. That sounded dumb too."
Third.  James actually seems unbelievable cool
"i'm confused, isn't that how it's usually eaten? rice on a fork seems weird"
From Pumping Iron.  Good movie.
"You don't. Just have to learn to shake it off.

Eventually they will encounter the wrong person at the wrong time, that might be a cop that arrests them for speeding or a bouncer throwing them out of a club. From my experience if your an asshole for long enough it will eventually catch up to you"
thank you xoxo
"Arthritis sucks yeah, hope it comes very late in your life bro!"
"&gt; I'd think IFBB would want to transition towards a better production experience for viewership as livestreams and PPV sales increase, right? 

That'd happen if they put some money into improving those resources and making them the best they can, then marketing them well. They don't seem to have caught up to the modern day quite fully yet or are blind to the amount of cash they can make through that some fucking how.

I dunno, what do I know, I'm just talking shit on the Internet. Just how it seems to me /shrug"
Definitely need to start doing somewhat intense cardio again :(
Urs and him are pretty comparable IMO. Also both on the same team and both Pros since 2020.
Yes it's correct. An injury heals better when you're not in a deficit.
Thank you!!
I hope he switches to IFBB. Seeing him challenge Ramy would be great.
"I just wanna eat your hammies like a huge side of lamb roasted over hot coals sprinkled with a bit of rosemary and salt and pepper. No homo, but seriously looking the goods mate"
"To clarify, shitting yourself is bad"
Why turn laugh out loud into an acronym?
I mean i can mention lifts If you want. But I haven’t done deadlifts  or squats in a long time due to some inflammations in my kneecaps.
"He's actually been working on improving strength in the last couple of years. It's not like he's not making progress. His physique could very well be improving too, it's just not like he's going to make leaps and bounds by changing his training up a little."
"Hunter looks like trash -  def getting a GIFT .

Ramy is soft ,  curry is in sooooo much better condition ,  simply look at the midsection comparison .

Nick &amp; curry are the ONLY two in top condition but they are refusing to give the rookie the top 2 / 3 nod . 

Curry , Ramy , Hadi, nick , bonac , hunter"
you guys act like 13 year old girls
Best of luck homie
"I hate to break it to you but he most definitely is. He will be ALOT bigger irl than you think or looks here, especially off season."
Praise my gains or thy bar shall continue to crush you to death
lmao I earned a tag!!
lmao
Bit of a stretch lol
"My good friend and work out buddy moved to San Diego recently and has been complaining about shitty gyms there. No 24 hours, not a lot of racks/benches

Does anyone know of any good 24 hour gyms there?"
"Lol, after this experience I don't think I would ever want anything but shit in my asshole"
"“Nigga at least 30!”
Look awesome though, man!"
"Haha apart from that ,looking good"
"Yea, it's weird stuff that time"
"Hey man don’t worry that’s just bodybuilding... hopefully... or else I also have an autistic eating disorder

Just added yogurt back into my rotation! Bye bye COR I’ll see you in a couple months probably"
2.5 years! Kept with it. You’re a champion
Oh yeah that's why I eat the Rice Krispies cereal. I get in over 100 g of carbs pre-workout and never weighs me down.
"Yeah man, i had terrible puberty gyno and the only way to hide them was growing muscles around them. But now its time to take it up a notch and actually get huge lol."
"Yeah I’ve done them a few different ways. My favorite is to come in the morning and do 6-10 sets of one or two heavy compounds, and come back in the evening for your pump work. What you’re saying also works fine. The important part is eating a shitload of food and potentially getting a nap between your sessions."
Big Lenny Mr O 2021 no doubt
"Meh, don't really care. Dude was a pretty well known piece of shit"
"And you know what the worst part is? My abs *weren't* even that functional. They let me do big compounds (I could brace fairly well), but when I had to do things that required gymnastics-like abdominal control, I was absolutely terrible."
Haha thanks no I didn’t mean I just casually did 475lbs for 8 haha. I meant lb
It’s true. I put my foot under his ass to do my set and when I was done I got up and she bashed him hard with her bag. I laughed as stinky cheese man glared at us as if somehow we were in the wrong.
"If it's comfortable and not causing any knee/hip/low back discomfort, then your current form is fine, especially for a newer lifter. Working on proper bracing in the core and upper back will help you stay tight and upright in the hole.

After you have been lifting for a while, you can start to play around with bar position, heel elevation (squat shoes), and other things to stay more upright if you want to."
"Bodybuilders live way past 40.  Hell dorian Yates is 59,  dexter Jackson is 51 and still competing if I’m not mistaken and Kai Greene is 46 as well as Shawn Rhoden. 

Bodybuilding isn’t much different than being obese other than appearance."
You guys must be fun at parties
Was there like a late wave of resolutioners or did some country’s gyms finally open up? I feel like the DD is a bunch of new names lately
"&gt;Very unlikely he’s reaching supraphysiological levels of hormones just by eating a lot lol.

Works for Mike O'Hearn."
"Why would a forearm increase punching power when it comes from delts, back and hips?"
Sounds like some serious ad hoc rationalization. Large breasts don't lead to better survival of childbirth or breast milk producing capabilities for example. Just because something sounds correct does not mean it is.
"I have seen an insane amount of growth on Gamma Bomb. Going to keep bulking through the end of the year when we run 28 Days Later. Then, going to start cutting around Jan./Feb. Still plenty of room for improvement. But I am excited to see what physique comes out on the other side."
100% true. Your whole body will be electric and your lifts will kick ass
"thank you man, this comment was actually extremely useful"
thanks buddy! but they don’t ship to an APO address either :’(
Yes and yes. However I don’t drink coffee after 10am and don’t have preworkout after 5pm otherwise I have issues sleeping.
"Unfortunate genetics?  You should try to die with that ""gap"" and a measly vastly pronounced beautiful only a four pack.

Fuck! the guy died @ 63!"
"Overtraining, no, but possibly overreaching. If you are experiencing muscle fatigue or other physical recovery problems, then you should probably reduce the sets per session. IMO this is preferable to keeping the same volume but reducing the RPE, as legs respond very well to high intensity.

However, if your muscles feel fine physically, and it's only a psychological problem, then it *might* not be indicative of overreaching. If this is the case, the better solution might actually be to work on your mindset - don't go killing yourself or anything, but try to turn some of the anxiety into excitement and anticipation."
That hurts my soul
I straight up thought this was Robocop from the icon.
"it's ridiculous, to be honest. they remove so many posts related to training/prioritization while others comment with ""r/fitness"", but mods completely fail to put up a thread where many of the questions could be addressed.

maybe I'm just having a bad day, I don't know"
"Arms and shoulders look pretty good, from this angle I would highly recommend chest and abs - for chest I think you should be doing every angle of bench press HEAVY; incline, flat and decline. And also every angle of cables as heavy as you can with control. For abs, I highly recommend starting with hanging leg raises to get your lower V line to start showing, this will also require oblique focus so look up exercises for obliques as well."
Ok. What’s your insta?
Leaving humanity behind.. it’s the only option ;)
"No sorry man I appreciate the feedback I fully agree my legs are my weak link by far. My stats/numbers don’t look so bad so I am hoping if I can bring up definition like I intend to it’ll make the 27.5” size show a bit better. I agree they need a lot of work, though. I appreciate feedback and criticism as I am clearly far from a pro lol"
I ate 3 full meals in the last like 5 hours and im still hungry
I want to change my nomination for best DD comment
nice 👍🏿
"This is what two stars looks like now?

Guess I'm fucked"
Ooof. Well. I'm the same age as him lol
"Id be curious to know if dude was ever significantly overweight at any point in his life. One ""blessing"" of being fat...huge calves. If you can see em that is. It also seems to follow the former overweight people even when they lose the weight as well."
You’re awesome dude. A homophobe that casually offends those with intellectual disabilities or cognitive disabilities by calling people the “R” word.
"Nah once you hit 16-18, you start degressing"
I lost most of my life long friends during the past few years with me going into law enforcement. It really sucks bro.
Looks much better then the bubble guts we see today
It's a very good idea if you struggle to get the calories in.
"Wait seriously? Damn Akim has got it in the bag then lmao, there’s just no way Blessing or Nick will win. Can’t believe this has been overlooked people talk as if they were the top contendors"
"His chances are looking pretty good for another win, but, even though I am a Cbum fanboy, I don't want to try discrediting the other competitors. Who knows how they'll look on the day of the O."
Ive gone to him since I was a kid hes saved my skin. He didnt mention any possible side effects (google says possible ED) so im guessing the chances are low to get them
What would you recommend arm exercise wise for a PPL split?
Then good luck finding the individuals that fit the criteria. Dating can be challenging enough; couldn't imagine it with that added.
"Most of the flu symptoms are also covid symptoms, one being body aches."
"i stopped asking for spots years ago and couldnt be happier

always leave one in the tank :D"
"What a nice and reasonable response, thanks for being cool"
Like Skyrim?
Thank you for your feedback.  Definitely the wrong sub for me.
I have shiny object syndrome... the best exercise is always the one I haven't tried
Yes he was suppose to be animals main guy back when centopani got hurt &amp; animal was the biggest name in hardcore bodybuilding/powerlifting rather than redcon1. Been following him for a long time and unfortunately his career really never went anywhere but he certainly is a fucking freak.
He looks good but I don't think he's conditioned enough to win
You have great fucking taste. These are two of my favs
"Yes. Every muscle has an insertion point. It’s just not as important for shoulders. Bone structure and your muscle fascia matter a lot more for those. If you have a naturally narrow frame then your shoulder likely won’t look that good. The muscle fascia is what holds all your muscle fibres in place and gives them their shape. They’re chiefly responsible for the shape of literally every muscle you have and are incredibly important. They’re the same thing that gives some people ridiculous bicep peaks, while people like me are stuck with Chris Bumstead’s flatter and fatter bicep shape."
hat to do at the end of a cutting phase to minimize weight and fat regain? Change daily kcal into maintenance or do a slow reverse diet? (weekly increase of?)
"Snapped out of my bullshit. Lost 8.5 pounds the last week. No boozing this week and will be quitting vaping this week as well. 
From the beginning of the pandemic till now I completely stopped lifting and body building and hit the bottle hard. Last week I noticed fat rolls under what used to be my pecs.  That was simply too much.  I cut my calories and boozing. Seeing my weight go down was a big motivational pivot point. I have goals. I’m back. I’m hitting the iron hard this week. I have a purpose. I guess my rock bottom was fat rolls under my tits. It was soul crushing to realize what I’ve become. I truly look awful but I have purpose and a real mission. 

Mind you this post is bullshit unless I consistently lift not half ass and  not with a guilty ego this week."
:(
"A lot of professional sports are unhealthy.  Professional bodybuilding is not something you pursue if you want to maximize longevity or health. It's to push one more limit of human ability (alongside sports that push the limits of speed, strength, power, endurance, toughness, combat).  If that's the bar, then we'd have to get rid of NFL (or any sport where pushing to such massive body size isdone), NHL, all forms of professional fighting, ultra marathoning, and a bunch of others."
"I just have pretty wide hip bones. Not a big deal when I’m sitting at 205lbs cause it fills in with fat, but when I cut to anything below 198 I start to get an hour glass like figure. 

Would like to lean out more, but it means the fat that gives me symmetry will disappear.

I figure if I can cut the fat and build the muscle I will maintain that symmetry."
Yeah man wtf how does he look that good and have an ass backwards front double bi
Kinda sad that people are going through strangers' accounts. Like you dont even know the guy so why the fuck does it matter what they've posted before.
"happy to have helped! 

your calves beat out like 99% of this subs, mine included. you were also dam lean so great job there, you should really be proud of that."
The NABBA KOREA IG has great examples https://instagram.com/nabbawffkorea?utm_medium=copy_link
Professional bodybuilder no doubt
"Nonsense, this is peak natty: [https://i.imgur.com/2B7Vo5Z.png](https://i.imgur.com/2B7Vo5Z.png)"
"Wow, both of you look amazing! Must be really great to be with someone who shares your passion!"
This is truly one of the nerdiest things I've ever seen. I love it.
mole-rat lookin ass
"They remind me of Simeon Panda's tits. Round, plump, and drop off to the corners."
looking good
"Honestly I think the biggest thing that separates intermediate/advanced lifters from beginners is the ability to filter stuff out and just get after it. When you realize that you have a pretty good sense of what works for *you*, and you don’t start changing up your routine/meal plan based off shit you read on the internet, you’ll probably start to see the best progress of your life. Doesn’t mean you won’t still have questions, of course"
Any idea of a good winstrol dosage?
"When I see veins like this, I always think you could snag one when jumping over a fence"
Pure specimen right there! Good work
I love em thicc
Heavy bench day is the best day of the week.
That’s great! Hope it works out for you and you love it
Arnold has always been with the shits. This is like boycotting thanos.
"He's in shape, but he definitely wouldn't be the biggest guy at my gym."
Good for him he other guy. Sincerely. Hope he gets the mileage such a hog deserves. Gonna guess he has no problems in that area.
I do work to failure on almost every set. Maximum damage seems to occur with me when doing BFR deadlifts. Maybe rhabo is why they are called deadlifts...
Lmao this description is so memorable
Just looks like an unflattering photo
I hear vitamin T is good
"I’m critical because I’m hearing a lot of excuses(I can’t workout/insulin resistance/thyroid problem) and a thyroid issue is the only one that would actually make losing weight difficult.  Just weigh everything you eat, track calories religiously, do everything right before adding in drugs."
Yeah but your example is Phil Heath
thanks man
"Top 3 show. I'll give him credit for that then.

I checked out after Cutler retired. I admired his way of life."
He looks like someone out of Tekken
Looks fucking awesome. Big triceps really make the arms look so much better in most poses. He'll do well in the IFBB with a good coach.
"Yeah, underrated..."
Did think it was strange to have a bottom ceiling of 32 inches
All the cool kids plug it
"So positive nitrogen balance indicates that the body is in an anabolic state and not that it prickers the body to go into an anabolic state? 

Example: you having a nice car indicates that you earn a lot but having a nice car doesn't make you earn a lot."
Everyone in here saying he fucked up his body due to lifting… obviously SOME truth to it. BUT Ronnie a few years ago came out saying the reason he cannot walk is a degenerative disease he would’ve gotten anyway been in his family for generations and it was a main reason he lifted the way he did.
I have old programs if you want them?
what about a btc atm? idk how they work i just assume its like an atm but for bitcoin.
Yeah the ones that compete or are on social media
10 weeks out?? You look great!
"I have no desire to compete in bodybuilding and my drinking habits are casual enough to not hinder progress.  

I'd rather be the impressively strong guy who looks good and occasionally parties than the elite athlete who never drinks."
"Fuck, I went quite hard on the pre workout today, took me through a pretty hard session, around 80 min push workout, 12 min HIIT and 40 min LISS. Now I'm getting that feeling where your vision gets weird and you feel like... Strange?

Worth it."
I do what I want
yes!!!!!  :)
"One day my dream is to go the Olympics or compete in the diamond leagues 


Fair enough, that’s pretty crazy for not being a big corporation!!!! Stimulus checks have been a huge thing, they’ve really helped a lot of people I know. Since your a smaller business did your dealership get stimulus checks or how did that work?"
Oh okay so it’s normal lol
"CDC are in on it

Being healthy is just a massive conspiracy for BigFarmer to sell you organic vegetables and shit"
"my bad, I've fixed the link"
Yeah I would upvote this without the flag of tyrants being included.
"I believe in taking care of myself, and a balanced diet and a rigorous exercise routine. In the morning, if my face is a little puffy, I’ll put on an ice pack while doing my stomach crunches. I can do a thousand now. After I remove the ice pack I use a deep pore cleanser lotion. In the shower I use a water activated gel cleanser, then a honey almond body scrub, and on the face an exfoliating gel scrub. Then I apply an herb-mint facial masque which I leave on for 10 minutes while I prepare the rest of my routine. I always use an after shave lotion with little or no alcohol, because alcohol dries your face out and makes you look older. Then moisturizer, then an anti-aging eye balm followed by a final moisturizing protective lotion."
"Yeah set up will cost more, I’d say go to a gym for a while and save up for the barbell, rack, bench and weights. Going to the gym as a novice is really nice for keeping you going. I don’t have an argument against dumbells since basically any form of resistance training will build strength and size for a novice, but the basic barbell compound movements will build both more efficiently than anything else"
"Yeah thank you. These other comments are like ""James messed up by not doing the Arnold!"" Okay... And so you're saying Brandon and Hadi messed up by not doing the Arnold also? ""Well no they have no reason to! They are already qualified for the O"" ... And James wasn't? ""You obviously don't know anything about bodybuilding.""

Seems like some people just regurgitate what they heard even if there's no logic behind it.

On the other hand, you have James' coach admitting that he had him peaked too early then they were screwed. Now if James did the Arnold, you might even speculate that he would've been WORSE off for the O due to even earlier peaking, OR he would've messed up the peak for that show then had enough time to recover and come in better for the O. Either way, absolutely no evidence that skipping the Arnold hurt (or helped) James in any way, but if you learn from the reigning Mr. O champs over the years, it's clear that doing no other show and focusing 100% of your energy on that one show is the best approach for the very top/upper echelon."
I'm only on day 2. But I really enjoyed it. I got a lot more activation on some of the exercises either because they were different or because i wasn't so gassed from everything before
Hey sorry man but we have a new rule anyone who leaves has to post butthole pics to come back
"Don't be self-hating, it's pathetic."
"I completely agree with the Mary Sue. In the OT you had everyone on the team performing a role. You had the Mechanic, pilot, Jedi, etc. In this Sequels you had Rey and a crew of comedic relief characters that just tell her name a lot. I think the Mary Sue writing would have been more stomach able if the rest of the characters weren't so poorly written"
"nothing makes me appreciate manual labor like school

school sucks

fuck work"
I haven’t seen UMBRO since school. Great physique!
"then your watch is wrong, eat more"
"I’m in week 1 now, loving it!!"
Looking great!
"Haha, that’s awesome. Thanks for sharing!"
Probably helps that your like 20 years older but still keep up the work broski
I could see the argument for Bob Paris but I dot see Frank or Steve oming close to serge  then again like u said its subjective
Is a vacuum like this something you can learn or is it genetics? When I practice a vacuum each morning it looks to be maybe 30% as “sucked in” as yours is
Damn he's got long arms
"I’ll answer this in good faith, despite knowing better: yes, American doctors were incentivized to prescribe opioids to patients and mislead them about the potential for addiction.

Opioid companies also bought off medical publications to publish *peer reviewed* research stating that opioids were just fine, not addictive at all, great for pain management, etc. 

In a totally unrelated phenomenon, doctors that want to publish pro-trans research today are paid to do so by the Pritzker Foundation."
I got a new hairdo. This way I can look cool when working out.
My favorite traps have a dick
"wtf is the difference between kale and kale greens

they look the same

why does this have to be so confusing"
Thats true
"Man must be nice. If I look at toast I'll gain 6 lbs. You also must've loved HS if you peaked there. I'm sure you can get way bigger bro, just takes forever."
"Damn, almost 50 and still looking great"
"Clusters feel better in compounds for me, in a similar fashion to rest pauses. Part of the purpose of those techniques is to do a similar amount of effective reps in less time due to less rest time. Isolation exercises already have low rest times usually, I'd rather do dropsets or another intensity technique there. It's very personal tho, and different exercises may feel better with one technique or other."
plz no
"Literally tons of competitors win with gyno all the time in this sport. That includes winning the olympia, like Ronnie and Franco."
And there was a complaint
"Yo what’s the idea behind just straight up not attending a class you’re paying for? Qt pie who I’m too much of a poos to approach hasn’t been to class in a while, in person or zoom, and I’m just wondering what the thought process with that sort of thing is. It seems to happen a ton too."
"&gt;  how to do it properly.

there is no proper way to do it at your age, but your too young and stupid to listen. have fun possibly fucking yourself up permanently"
Not with gas coming outta your ass bwahahahaha
"Sounds like a question for a medical professional, not random Redditors…"
"The back is good, the front and side pose are uncanny valley that look like Stretch Armstrong."
"Stay home until you're healthy. First of all, you're spreading this shit, secondly, you're unironically risking your life every time you work out while sick."
"Honestly, you probably don't even need all that if you don't want. It's pretty well established at this point that sets in the 5-30ish rep range get you similar enough hypertrophy outcomes so long as you're taking the sets to the same proximity to failure. It's probably not totally optimal due to differing twitch fibres and general novelty and such, but you can still build a great physique on very high reps with lower weight."
Honestly a shitty barbell and some weights is like $50. Requires such little space &amp; you can do so much.
Meditation can help with relaxing for bedtime. Also consider seeing a doc for some sleep meds to force yourself back into a normal pattern.
Getting a tank-top sunburn is like feng shui for your shoulders
Yes actually haha. I have a few shirts and a few pants I had to have custom made and tailored afterwards so if I need to dress nice I can. I'm willing to bet I'll need to do that again in a year or so though lol.
No not perma just temporary there’s rumbling that he may be able to get back
"I love lentils in salad. I mix them with cherry tomatoes, low fat white cheese, pickled jalapeños, some olive oil, vinegar, oregano s&amp;p. Maybe add some croutons if you need the extra carbs. Super refreshing."
"“Word fuckery” it was just making it clear I’m male, but not cis"
"Yeah you’re right. I just think some of your points can fit into the other categories. I’m not advanced in the way of look and weight being lifted, but I do look like I lift and I do know what I’m talking about. So anyways I guess what you’re saying is a pretty good generalization, there’s just some overlap I think."
please never recommend that program on this sub ever again
"Idk what it’s called but are there any specific exercises to target the quad muscle between the outer sweep and middle part? Idk if this makes any sense but I have deep separation between my teardrop and middle of my quad but there’s little to no separation between the outer sweep and middle if that makes sense

Not sure if it’s just generic/based on leanness but I felt like it was worth asking"
"While I honestly won't follow and watch your career, it's inspiring to see your sculpture, congrats, it's not easy though it's worth it aye mate...the reason I won't follow you is nothing personal in fact I'm busy working on my bodybuilding and sculpturing, couple this with my hobbies and social life I won't be watching fitness videos.

So why did I join this fan page here? I don't remember honestly. I think it most likely is an algorithm that knows I was searching and buying protein powders. Anyway, congrats and wish you well and free of gym injuries."
LOL “your top 3 reasons”
Def worth it. Maybe ill change tren A to ed
Any you’d recommend?
"Clearly a troll, it's a new account"
"I mean concerning the 'rona. But yeah, I'm also always struggling with the idea of gear. I'm not exactly 20 anymore and I'd love a kind of second wind. I don't have any history of heart disease in my family, but I've been fat for a long time and I've been smoking from 11 years until I was 23 and I guess I should really be careful about what I do from here on out."
"“Those asian dude’s”

Wtf lol"
"Hello. Hope youre having a good Monday, Martin. Start the week right!"
Damn I didnt realize every gym had one lol
"Yeah, that's my bad. I don't consume caffeine so ""coffee"" to me means decaf which is just flavored hot water."
Because good luck finding ‘confirmed’ natural bodybuilders lmao
His back is considered one of his best bodyparts. Sure here it would be small next to open guys but he was in 212 here and few guys in open can match that shape and detail
"I would be way better. He taught me that food isn’t something that should really be worth my time worrying about. Just eat foods that you enjoy and help you reach your goals, then move on to what’s important.

And personally I see nothing unhealthy with my life rn. I feel more balanced than ever."
Yes but it's actually garbage
"You seem smart so im gonna ask you, i have same problem but with my lats, what could be the problem?"
Lol I’m thinking of adding a meetup type feature to it in the future
People like that actually exist? Wtf is wrong with those dumb fucks
I survived bc people started clearing out after like 30 minutes. Legs is gonna be deadly
What kind of moron wastes time reading through Reddit comments when they're jerking off?
Thanks! Push the sets hard enough and get a good enough mind muscle connection and it’s all you need. Although I am currently doing a few  sets of pull ups after my leg days for a bit more volume
Wrong sub
Am I being to critical ? Expected more out of all the hype he portrays and a year off to grow.
"Best feeling over love and everything is ur muscles are hurting after exercise and u feeeeeel it , change my mind!"
Nah bro DIABEETUS.
Best me to it lmao I just watched this clip yesterday
"Thanks chief :D I've got a brand new version of these workouts coming out next week! :)

( Where I think I did a better job of 'Time under tension' )

Thanks chief :D"
"Can see your hard work, keep going!"
"But like do you really need to use the only lat pulldown machine as you're personal storage space for your phone you're drink and everything else while you fuck off and do literally everything but that

The answer is no"
Damn you totally don’t have to do that but it’s so cool you are. We don’t deserve women
okay
I think it's hard to measure shoulders. I get anything between 44.2-47.5 depending how I stand/hold the tape. A lot of that is due to poor posture/shoulder rounding I think.
"Haha, nope. Nips started poking through shirt in 7th grade. All natural so far."
"Hint: stop taking steroids unless you don’t care about the master outcome. Also, seeing that there is a correlation of Phizer vaccine and clots mixed with steroids left artery issues and enlarged heart probably not a good combo"
Lift good?
What is that in freedom feet?
"It can be funny sometimes, but agreed."
"I appreciate you diving into the impact of it as well. I know my friend's husband recently started micro dosing and I didn't think to ask him about it (dosage and impact) at the time.

Research into these intrigues me and I enjoy getting anecdotes from people who have tried/experience with it."
"Nah in the show he’s watching a war movie or something, this is edited clearly."
"Nah that shit is on her, the least she could have done is not let you know but she couldn't even do that."
Reached the mark where I just can’t scratch certain areas of the back by myself…am I finally in the big boys club now?
"""Don't worry, I do way worse things for my health."""
"Dude, you're inspiring."
Its all fun and games until you can't see your dick.
@mighty.mike on Instagram is good
Do you have symptoms of low grady inflammation? Did you try good probiotics or something to fix the gut lining?
"Try the gold, it’s like a pineapple orgasm full of glorious caffeine."
Looking great as always bro. What's your age if you don't mind me asking?
Yup. It's crowdsourcing at its best.
"usually my cutting cardio's been 20min stairclimber at gym but since that's closed now, been doing an hour walk every morning hitting 5-6km/6-7k steps. Will be first cut trying steady state cardio so lets see how that goes, been enjoying the walks tho"
How much do you want to lose?
Don't be sad. Here's a [hug!](https://media.giphy.com/media/3M4NpbLCTxBqU/giphy.gif)
"I’m too high to workout help lol. Leg day today , can’t go in stoned af smh"
"Sounds like you can't lift nearly as much because you're cheating pretty hard on your standing reps. Regardless, it doesn't matter how much you're lifting. Take the sets to failure or close to and you will grow. Simple as that"
Thanks Mr. Meadows
You weird.
Arnold isn’t bad though!
"It's my favorite app! Yes I love tracking my volume with it.

Edit:favorite workout tracking app"
"My respect goes to you sir for keeping it natty and competing for 7 years, that's goals! Thought about getting peeled (5-6%) around the 1 week out mark but if that's the case then perhaps I should start slowly cutting rn and fill last week!"
Reminds me of that dude who smoked a ghost pepper on YouTube. rip
The main reason I enjoy training 6 days a week instead of 5 is giving myself a reason to push the food slightly harder since yummy fucking snacks are life
Looking good brother. Good luck with your prep. Do well!
Another insecure asswipe
"&gt; Or sell gear for the insane mark up people pay in gym lmao

Dude most people buy their shit on the net, I don't know anyone who like goes to a ""dealer""."
"That was a good read, do they cover all muscles? Didnt find any others."
Thank you. That was my first show back after a baby and I was thrilled with my look. Trying for another kid and then back at it!
"Probably less that women are gonna care if you are 10% bf or 15-20 or so, and more that feeling good about yourself gives you more confidence.  Correlation and causation"
"Oh wow I looked that club up for uh, research.

The amount of ladies with face tats there is surprisingly high."
"yep, definitely around 15"
"We know, Rich"
I tend to feel better with more cardio and more calories rather than less cardio and less calories.
"Kind of, but early on you want to be focusing on form, MMC, and building up your base strength. Getting your ass kicked means you may lose out on form, lose focus from MMC, or even injure/sprain/hurt/pull a muscle.

As long as you can stay on top of rest days, eat properly, and use proper form so you don't injure yourself then yeah you'll definitely see a big change!"
Jealous because you want to touch it?
"Rich tweens or fans who want to support their favorite bb influencer. If I had the money, I'd buy some Hosstile supps, Fouad is awesome and his podcast is a real gem amid the sea of wannabe bodybuilders on Youtube."
"Yes. I frequent 3 different boards with pretty decent  membership and the most common dosage I see is either 600 or 900 with 1200 being the third most common. I have not seen anything above 1.2k though. I have no personal experince though, as I haven't used anything besides trt so keep that in mind."
"ew Mazda

No thanks homie"
"ok thank you and yeah my coach is from the 80’s era and he said that it’ll make my physique soft and stuff, which sounds kinda nuts. thank you for advising me"
Open any shit that isn’t related to pharmacology that i ask that is dumb . I fucking dare you
"Love it man! If you both like fitness (same hobby overall) thats one of the best things for long, healthy relationship. Best of luck for you both.

EDIT: ah sh\*et.. its not relationship r/ xD... Shes doing great job, good body composition."
"Yeah i know, theres a reason they cannot be used in court, and a proper polygraph is hours and hours long ect"
Lighting is hella suspect but with 29 days to go it seems like he’s looking good.
God blood sugar level crashes while cutting are brutal.
my boss definitely has a micropeepee then.
"I eat them frequently with nuts, seeds, dried fruit, and ripple plant milk."
true they're basically just tights
I can’t take it on days I’m having a bad day tho. Makes the day much worse. Took it today on a good day and I’m happy/focused feeling good. Just noticed this pattern when I take it
I assume both Phil and Chris suffer from body image issues. We are held to an impossible standard even outside of bodybuilding. If you aren’t happy with who you are and what you’re about it doesn’t matter how stacked you are.
"I agree and i didn’t mean that gear is the only factor. Without good training, good diet and good genetics no amount of gear can make you look good."
Man I wish I could un-read this
Sounds good. Thanks!
I can't for the life of me figure out wtf you guys are talking about.. sus and sissy squat machines?
I don't even think it's that arguable. 99 Ronnie is it.
"I’m curious. What rewards do you see from steroids if you were to compete? Being another dead average bodybuilder is not more rewarding than just being a big dude in the gym.

Taking steroids has more risk than reward in 99,9% of cases, whether you’re competing or not."
I'd def start by actually faithfully tracking your macros to figure out what's wrong.  I don't think low protein is going to cause shit energy levels like this though.
Normies are weird as hell
"Are you able to present a overload each week? 
Is your volume roughly in the 8-20 direct sets per week range ? Are you going through all or most of the range of motion on each rep? Do you get a pump in your workouts? Are you sore from time to time ?

ITS ONE MONTH CHILL"
At some point the age factor comes into play too. After 40 the game begins to be an uphill battle.
yes. having lettuce in the salad and not spinach is **DISGUSTING**
yes
"Well yeah, I'm not going to be married to anything anyone said. I just wanted a range of opinions. Maybe I'll set some strength goals, then cut down from there, and start when I get to a good body fat."
Lol no
"Thanks, food is pretty cool"
"You look like rich Piana, like his face, you look exactly like him with a moustache"
"There's a lot of bullshit in there, but I'm also glad to see lots of people calling out the 'artificial sweeteners bad' crowd too which is nice."
"Maintenance is probably your best bet. Especially if you are recovering from surgery. Press the pause button on the cut, get back to 100%. Then hit it."
I know! but i bet most of yall know a great deal.
"No, I was like wtf had to go back over it a few times lol"
"&gt; There's no evidence to support either argument except anecdotal reports.

Right but the burden of proof is on whoever is making the claim (that reverse dieting improves body comp).

&gt;In that case you'd be better off moving into a surplus and gradually reducing cardio to increase that surplus until youre at a maintainable calorie balance (output vs input). 

Right, I'm not disagreeing that they should go into a surplus here. My point is if you gradually ramp up your surplus, you will *appear* to have leaner gains in the short term relative to someone who immediately jumps to their full bulking calories. But what I'm stressing is the reason for that is that you spent time at a very low caloric surplus, which inherently yields leaner gains (at the expense of slow weight gain). The leaner gains are a direct function of a smaller surplus, not some unsubstantiated metabolic adaptation where a very lean body is ""primed"" to put on fat at a higher rate than if it was at a higher bodyfat %"
Didn't Kobe just admit to cheating on his wife but not the actual rape? Like he said that he had sex with the girl but denied that it was rape.
"I think people tend to argue this on a price-per-calorie basis. While I agree that in general it’s more affordable than some make it out to be, I imagine getting 2000-3000kcal worth of kale might get expensive, not to mention, uncomfortable for the digestive system..."
no difference. Think its because im not bloating or holding extra water or its bunk ✌
"I'm gonna drop out from giving you advice, listen to this guy.  He is the man."
Great pose and look
I feel like i dont even lift
Damn bro! Your pics are super motivating being around your height myself. Keep it up you're a beast
If you have skin on your dick you’re not dedicated enough.
"Good to hear. Did you go in with a shoulder discomfort as well?

I train legs on Mondays so I'm thinking i should be alright if i dont get any other side effects."
Nice 😎
Been experiencing some very mild knee pain for the first few sets of squats and it goes away as soon as I get warmed up.  Not sure what is causing it but it’s a little annoying.
"I believe Thomas Jefferson said it best “That government is best which governs the least, because its people discipline themselves”"
"I like transparent labs stim free, its expensive unless u buy 3 at a time though"
I just want a small waist and enough and enough ans to show leanness. Never had a thing for BIG abs
Looking good!
Same for me :/
I'm glad I'm not the only one who sees this. Like I get that he's done a ton for the Strongman community but it only takes about 15 minutes of watching the guy to realize he's a massive chode.
Looking great man. U have a similar build to Arnold
"That's awesome, buddy! I'm glad you got it figured out, I can't wait to try it out!"
You’re right. I meathead. No read good
"I love my underarmour joggers, but I like them tight around my thighs"
Gd man how much do you eat?! 262?! Amazing job man lookin huge
This was at a gym. First time is free then it’s $15 every time after.
Definitely has the legs of golden era bodybuilders
"EC is amazing, the only downside for me is it makes pumps a lot harder to get filthy. Also kills my vascularity."
Fuck yeah thanks for putting a dancing kitty cat next to my link!
Why do u care ? Go back to posting news
Oh man that was intense lmao
"Timms does look superb to be fair, still think cbum takes it"
It's a bioweapon. op is doomed
And then /u/Mulchman11 was like *boys go to college to get more knowledge*
"You answered your self. Having no breaks is a toxic way to handle the progress, rest is as important as food and work in muscle growth, you take out the rest so do your possible gains. 

I would not advice doing more than 3 days in a row or if youre really addicted during rest day do some cardio and stretching."
"Lmao reddit moment 
 
Conservative republican doesn't mean hilter or the Klan btw"
"Been there, get the fuck out before it really messes up with your head, or recovery will be harder and longer than it should. Those attitudes only get worse and more abusive with time."
was this Matthew Stokes by any chance?
"I understand reeses but cheerios is boring and cinnamon toast crunch is too sweet and the milk taste bad at the end.

What are your thoughts on cookie crisp"
"Nice man, there's a lot of options that'll work great so just do some research on Google and YouTube to find which is the best fit for you."
I badly sprained my ankle a couple years ago and it still never returned to normal (appearance wise). It works fine tho.
"Upper chest i think, but a lot of guys lack that shelf"
This guy knows his shit. You can tell he probably majored in Kinesiology.
thanks bro
I mean yeah but I just wanna see how the offbalance would look
"Good luck to him for sure, he was a refreshment  on stage."
You have clearly never worked out seriously. You have absolutely no idea what it takes to build a good physique and cut down to low levels of fat. I don't even get why you are looking at a sub like this
"Slow and steady is totally fine and great!

But counterpoint: I can start my deficit at 500. Or 750. Or 1000. In any case, there is room to make changes. I can always add more cardio/pull calories/etc., it's just the deficit is larger. It doesn't matter where you start.

This is all assuming that you are very disciplined and consistent with diet/training/etc."
"Progressive overload does not always mean more weight. It can be adding a set, a drop set, a cluster set, forced reps, etc. You can keep the weight the same and incorporate those in before you need to increase weight."
As a man I’m jealous of those delts. Good job and good luck.
wtf i thought he was doing men’s physique he looks insane
"Job interviews are a lot like dating.  All the decision makers will have their own personal preferences, sometimes even within the same company.  Even within the same interview, two interviewers can come away with completely different views on how it went.  

I have no wisdom. Just know it's not just you.  Good luck!"
Nice wide back! You did great brother 🤘🏽
"Granted, that’s all he’s wearing lol"
"I really like the Mistborn Trilogy by Brandon Sanderson, it's got a pretty cool magic system. Also Ender's Game/Shadow."
"Yeah, like if you don’t set out a plan, you’ll end up fucking around and just spinning your wheels? This is what I notice with anything where I actually have a goal besides wasting time"
MyProtein mixes really easily. I buy their Smooth Chocolate Whey Protein Isolate and there's never any clumps when I mix it. Just smooth.
"Damn, really?  Coulda sworn...

Anyways, yeah, the pump is unreal.  This movement pattern was the first time I *really* got a great bicep pump without something else getting more pumped first or my elbows hurting more."
Okay thank you
His poor dick...I bet it has calluses that match his forearm muscles.
"I can't decide where people got played more, McGregor vs Mayweather or Askren vs youtube celebrity fight"
"Getting called big man is cool but getting jokingly called small...😎

Anyway here’s a sick ass quick and simple chest workout that I came up with. So you start with chest flyes, but you only do the top 3rd and skip the stretch. The squeeze is insane when the muscle hasn’t been already stretched, so ur gonna do that 3x12-20. And then you just do dumbbell bench press for like 5x10 or whatever you like, that’s gonna stretch it out so well after all that squeezing and make you pumpppp and grow big time."
"I also am curious as to if I’m happy with my muscle mass as is, how do I lean out and just get more “cut?”"
Good stuff thx
Are squats to box/bench easier to perform?
the benefit is you didn't waste 30 minutes looking for a video to jerk off to
"Yes, up to around 200"
"True fam, why wouldnt you be able to almost achieve the stage weight of Terrence Ruffin, a 2nd place Olympian, naturally? Right???"
"That is true, but somehow I have the feeling that a person who is 'as straight as you can be' would be bothered by my comment regardless."
Well kinda depends who you are I guess lol ronnie coleman was yoked af natty
it would be great if my acne just simply didn’t exist
Dudes either gonna look fucking fresh or fucking dopey. No inbetween
Yeah that’s one way to do it
all natural I presume?
Crazy debut
It’s regional but mines been like that since April
Yeah man. Especially as someone that's been doing this now for Bout 4+ years. The temptation has come and gone to hop on and I think a lot of people are impatient to see results and they turn it into jealousy at people who look better. Despite the fact you can have some really good natural physiques!
"You: Idk why you guys assume I'm gonna ignore your advice. I really wanna hear your opinion 

Also you:

&gt;25 seems like an eternity but I hear you. Maybe i’ll wait until i’m 21 and justify taking it by not drinking alcohol like everybody else my age!

Stop with the hypocrisy."
It's the death penalty for that one.
I definitely didn't peak in highschool.  But... man... low blow with the calves.
Gotta shit big to get big!
Homophobia got y’all missing out on some good head
I’ve told my mom Mike was Natural as they get..Was I wrong?
Like to do deadlifts and squats on the same day twice a week. Usually do squats first though because deadlifts exhaust my body so much.
"I could be wrong but I'm pretty sure the most common way it has spread is within households. Since I live alone, I was never that worried about spreading it to others if I got it (obviously I'd stay home though)."
Tren is your friend
God damn take this shit somewhere else this sub is dying
"fucking amazing dorito, gonna need id on the pants tho"
He is natural
Beyond disgusting dude woah.
"I wish I had some more results going further back, been looking into it more and maybe this explains some other stuff. I've had a lot of energy/fatigue issues before and some mood changes. Tried meds for a bit for couple different things in my 20's but that never seemed to help. Honestly if those areas are mainly from low T and improve on trt. Don't really care about the building better phsyique as much as the overall quality of life improvement like you said. It's been a drag for awhile and the gym was a measure at first to try and combat those since not much else was helping."
Thanks so much man ! Keep up the great work
Couple other guys looked better imo. Good videos on YouTube from prejudging. Good for him tho
"So I’m getting tired of freezer veggies but they’re SO cost effective. Most cost effective part of my diet. 1$ bag of broccoli is one day of veggies.

I’ve been thinking I wanna start having cold finger food veggies like tomatoes, but not sure how to go about it. Are there any cost effective like… I guess precut containers of a bunch of veggies? I could buy platters and portion them? Seems expensive though. I’d like to keep my monthly vegetable costs below 50$

Any ideas welcome. Main goal is not having to microwave crap and eat soggy sad veggies 4 meals a day, 7 days a week"
Most people that died are like really big and low bodyfat they might have run stupid doses too. Back in those days they didn't have the info we have. You can't blame them for running that but most if us probably don't have to worry with our 500mg test cycles and maybe + one injectable. Some pro cycles are really stupid it's not hard to find examples of people running almost everything at once then yes ur fucked
Yeah where do you think the term comes from??
I’m just a dick and short with people
Don't sweat the troll. You're doing great bruh
"Yeah definitely, but I’ve been doing 3-6 min rests for many years and wanted to try some more BB style training, was just very surprised about how much weight I had to drop to get there"
That's a good way of doing it. I'm settling into a nice rhythm of doing several rounds of strength program followed by one or two rounds of a bodybuilding program.
Honestly thought he got overlooked. Never got compared to the top call out but I thought he looked insane
"I want to wear mine, but the show cut got me looking smol."
Isopure makes a zero and low calorie version. Many companies make a no calorie version to be honest
"same shit happened to me left it open, the top got kinda crusty and smelled weird

just roll the top and clip it"
Yeah being lean helps so so much with BW workouts and it's surprisingly not as hard as it looks
I was referring to completeness. Ronnie wins more in size than Phil does in completeness which is why Ronnie would win were they to have ever gone head to head.
"Either empty, or with people that are there to train their asses off.

Best I've felt in a gym (commercial, sadly) was a day where there was almost no one, the music was off and you only heard the sound of the weights, was almost cathartic."
Ignore the moron in the other comment and hit side and rear delts
Wow!
"Looking great, are you going to tan up?"
A himbo is a beefy stupid handsome man with a heart of gold WHOSE MUSCLES ARE VERY HUGE.
"Credit where its do man, maingain the best you can. Dirty diets just mean more cutting and nobody likes that"
Getting some pretty solid stretch marks on my biceps.
So yall just out there actively tryin to kill yallselves? Aight
Nice dude looking good
What you’re talking about is block periodization and it is hugely beneficial.
"Well, not everywhere. And that’s exactly my point. Just like most drugs, it really shouldn’t be illegal and should be left up to an individual to decide. 

The fact that it is illegal actually makes it *more* dangerous, because you can’t talk to a reputable doctor about proper dosage and risks.

And yes, it is cheating in professional sports, but I’m referring to non-professional athletes."
"Just do your best, you look great. Don't let anyone discourage you."
"Awesome pics. Great size. Look thick. Solid. Tight. Keep us all posted on your continued progress with any new progress pics or vid clips. Show us what you got man. Wanna see how freakin' huge, solid, thick and tight you can get. Thanks for the motivation."
Good dude being honest
Lmao dkm 😂💀
"Am I a fucking moron or is something wrong with this Bodyarmor’s nutrition label? How can the drink have 33 carbs but only 35 calories? 


https://imgur.com/a/V0X14TI"
Dude is tripping for being proud of himself for losing something he worked so hard for. He doesn’t look like a men’s physique competitor.
Honestly it would probably work if you like at a few small pieces of candy or something that will make you hungrier and go eat the healthy shit to satisfy you after that.
"Wtf is up with the DD lately?  Downvotes for asking if you smashed, downvotes for calling people manlets, downvotes for classic misc jokes, questions too basic for even /fitness...

Do any of you even lift?"
"Anyone know any good brands for workout shirts ?? I’ve just been wearing old shirts to the gym.


Preferably not something with a huge brand on it. Can even just be a solid color idc"
haha must look good
"Amazing legs, Go for it!!"
More like Ben Shapiro on steroids
Gonna need you to pay that cat tax
"Nah because the griping part of any equipment is the same, even the machines feel lighter although it’s probably cos they don’t get thrashed and the ones at the bb gym and we’re kind of homemade . Only thing which feels the same is the barbell 🤷🏻‍♀️"
Wonder y it was postponed covid??
Thanks for the advice!
"Strong disagree but I respect your opinion

Ultra red and blue remain my favorite

The Rosa and fiesta are good too, watermelon and paradise as well"
rent free ayylmao
"If you have to ask stuff like this, than you weren't ready for the drugs to start with. I would stop and educate myself on diet, training, and peds before attempting this again."
"He needs to switch up which arm he jerks off with, he looks like Quagmire after he discovered internet porn."
"It's easy as hell *if you stick with a reputable domestic supplier.* There's a reason I don't fuck with importing/exporting shit, I'll gladly pay a little extra for someone else to take that risk for me."
Thank you!
"I say get a coach if you’re serious long term. I had a coach who was an IFBB pro and it made the prep very smooth, especially the last few weeks where water manipulation comes into play. 

Aside from that, do everything you can to maintain muscle. Assuming you’re natural, it’s very easy to get skinny instead of ripped if you cut things too drastically / add too much volume.  

Big thing is enjoy the process!!! Teen physique isn’t extremely large base, so you may run uncontested, or may go against people who shouldn’t be competing, or may go against people who really should be in men’s physique, so doing what you can to enjoy the process regardless of the outcome it very important IMO"
"Again, not saying he was a bad poser. I'm saying he is remembered for his iconic vacuum pose, and did not really have much else worth remembering beyond that"
"Yeah, it's like feeling like you have a set of shoulder pads on."
"Been doing creeping death 2, and am on week 10. I love the split and it really gets pretty tough on some days. My main concern/issue is that the program doesn't work arms hard enough for my goals. Always felt like my arms aren't big enough/proportional to the rest of me. 

My question is, do I try to add more arm excercises to the end of each day, or do I add a specific arm day? Was thinking about redoing the program but do a PPAL type of split mainly because my arms get so worn out from the larger body group excercises. This way I'd add more focus on arm growth. Do any of you have experience and/or advice on what I should do?"
"He had a clotting disorder given to him by his parents, he took great precautions with his health and it was sort of inevitable given his genetic condition."
ur perfect for classic bro
Ya know your right. I'd like to think I'm a man of self control but we all have weaknesses
Classic for sure bro. You look incredible
"If you're so busy working thats good, you have less time to eat and should have no problem losing bodyfat and gaining definition without drugs"
Of fuck me we all know why this got so many upvotes and awards
"Since WFH last March, I usually drink a scoop of G-Fuel every morning (I hate coffee and this is my wake-up drink - plus they have some really tasty flavours). I used to always do a scoop of pre-workout before my workout as well, a habit I picked up a couple years ago and would always do it when I got home from work because I was usually exhausted. Recently I started making myself a smoothie about an hour before my workout. Been putting my creatine in that instead of my pre and now have dropped doing preworkout altogether. Starting to feel like I don't really need it anymore and now I can save it for the days where I'm super tired."
"If you honestly want the best workout of all time, regardless of your goals, just PM me. That way we can keep this sub true to its purpose"
Hey you big dick juicy bastards. Anyone know a good site to search for free university textbooks for download?
"That's funny, that statue was one of my main inspiration for a period of time, especially the back because it's ripped. I also recently went to Florence and saw it in real life. 
Anyway, I don't want to be too pessimist, but that look is mostly ""genetic"". The best you can do is get a solid muscle base and be very lean. No specific exercises will give you that specific look. Just train hard and don't get fat"
U finta die bruh
Finding a workout partner is so hard man. Even just for 1 workout. A ton of people will say yeah they’re down and then the day of they’ll stop replying to messages lol. Either they’re scared to work or I’m an asshole. Maybe a little bit of both lol
Nah it literally is a sharp pain when i stress the tendon in that specific area
"I Def agree, there's like a cut off on attraction for most I think once it transitions into like open sized guys. I think alot of that insecurity in the relationship has to do with feeling like they have to play catch up in staying as fit as that all the time.in reality if you just eat clean and go to the gym 3x a week that puts you ahead of most of the population"
I’m really Curious to know what he said
"Like the 900g carb guy weighing 160 on here.

Sure thing buddy."
Thanks for letting me let ur dog today.
"The amazing shape on the chest and shoulders in the front double bicep is mind-blowing!

Hopefully when u get down under 5% in a month and a half time the hamstrings will start to show!

Best of luck!"
im in the US. But it would be cool to work overseas for a little bit eventually
"Who cares man im assuming your a powerlifter from the imgur link so that stuff doesnt matter for your goals, besides your still bigger and stronger than 90% of the world including me, fucking get it you beast.
Also your titties do look weird not gonna lie."
"To each their own, but the fake tits look just isn’t for me. I’m only 4’11”. I really just think it’ll look silly."
"Looks like JM is doing a Tom Platz foot placement here.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bV3VVQG-sXw

I really think the difference between burying your knees to short of that is probably only a difference within a percentage points, but I like to bury my legs as far as a I can. 

How do your quads feel when you do the reps is the most important factor. Are you getting solid MMC?"
"Yeah definitely trying to eat as much as possible, it’s one of the harder parts so far. Thanks"
"Not a bodybuilder but have been an avid gym goer for years. The one thing that has liberated me recently is actually Greg doucettes articulation of the role of genetics. No longer do I try to meet external standards but rather I accept my genetics (size, shape and propensities) and just try to be an improved me, based on my genetic potential."
highly doubt any 130lb male is even capable of putting on bodyfat if resistance training is involved and test levels arent 0
18?? No way LMAO
"Very low. I was 25+ pre pandemic at over 160, 5'7 lean but still small af. BMI scales are wack"
"Great physique, terrible posing and super douchey."
George Foreman looks better on this pic tbh
"What a beautiful, beautiful anthem 😂"
Nova Bomb &gt;
"Thanks!  It's all good.  I've had people tell me to shave it or color it a lot.  Me, I kinda like looking like a jacked garden gnome!"
"Seeing shit about the ""dating economy"" is depressing.

Seeing all the natural disasters is depressing.

Seeing posts from r/antiwork are depressing.

Reading fucking suicide notes on the front page is depressing.

I never subscribe to these fucking pages but they constantly pop up on reccomended or the front page."
"I swear, every time I get fast food and don't check my order before driving off, they forget something. Sabotaging my bulk."
"Interesting. That’s fine to me. No judgement. Just think it’s kinda shitty she just didn’t show up and didn’t say anything. Not saying I bought the PPV just for her but I’m sure some of her fans did. And if she was playing up this build up to her show and then just let thr pressure get to her and didn’t say anything and acted like it never happened, idk seems kinda jacked up to her fans. At least be like hey I’m not doing it I just can’t"
"How would you redo it? Ton of respect for you by the way! 

This is what I look like 

[physique from 3 months ago](https://imgur.com/a/T66wRNv)"
"No, it’s not Chinese."
Looking solid bro!
Easy gains were harvested. Even though doing deads for the first time in seven months was... humbling
Thanks bro I appreciate all the help
Original coomer
"This might be pretty blasphemous around here, but I’m not really feeling CD2. I hopped on it for a few weeks to take a break from heavy compounds because they were causing my back issues to flair up pretty badly, but thinking I may go back to my old routine, maybe just without the compounds for now."
Love the stache
"DIET HARD AND STARVE DURING THE WEEK

BINGE EAT AND DRINK FROM FRIDAY NIGHT TO SUNDAY

Honestly I'm not even mad I guess. I'm going through such a midlife crisis and stuck in such a boring work-home-work-home salaryman rut during the week that being able to binge on the weekends and stay in decent shape long term is fine I guess."
"It's a first time cut for me so absolutely wasn't on point for the whole 6 months. My metabolism is starting to suffer, I'm down to pretty low calories per day that upping cardio is my only real option to keep going. I have learnt so much though that next cut will be 100% better. I lowered calories too quickly and have ended up without anywhere to to tbh. 

Thanks bro, you've asked some real good questions that I need to spend some time asking myself. The short answer would be that I feel like I want to lose another 5-10 lbs for the abs to really pop. But I'm also fucking tired of cutting and losing strength."
I agree with other comment. Stop when it's over your head to keep the tension on it
You got Janis back from the dead and she’s gonna be on a podcast about bodybuilding?
[what the hell is this a recipe?](https://old.reddit.com/user/banananutmilkshake)
Wait so they don’t allow basketball at all? Not even outside?
99% chance it’s in your head
Different lighting help? https://www.instagram.com/p/CQRnZ9aB4Mq/?utm_medium=copy_link
Honestly In the night garden is stuff of nightmares. Being on crack must be a prerequisite for being a kids TV show creator.
ok just stop man. creatine hardly does anything of noteworthy improvements. a lot of people notice 0 difference on it. its not even close to what would be considered a PED
Apparently that was bullshit
"Idk, the pictures I am seeing are something different what I see in the livestream.

I really liked Terrence on the livestream."
Guy is helpless. Probably reads a single study or book and thinks its gospel when there's conflicting information everywhere lol
Ok thanks ! Gonna bulk till i can barely see my abs while relaxing
Anything can be a form of self harm if not done in moderation
Im a small natty the fuck u talking bout
"insane proportions, shoulder to waist ratio is great"
Lmao I spit out my steroid smoothie reading this shit.
Feel cold pray for me fansss
Fuck it is Kovacs
Yep those mean tweets fucked them up. Two scoops!
"Sounds like you’ll be fresh as hell, bro.  Get after it!"
Like what? Most last gen cards are incredibly difficult to find as well
"We're a very apathetic culture so when someone says something that's bothering them and you don't have anything to say you say ""shur look"" = sure look. It doesn't really mean anything other than ""I don't have anything to say and would enjoy if this conversation came to a conclusion"""
"Wrong sub homie, try r/brogress"
Make it 30 to be safe
"Why the fuck do people keep asking this?

He's never indicated he wanted to do open, and has said multiple times that he won't. Why would he take on the additional health risks (especially with his kidneys) just to likely do not as well in open when he's currently the best in the world in classic?"
Is it just me or is this guy straight dreamer bulk and overshot it by 30 lbs? I don’t think you’re supposed to have love handles
"Yeah maybe you know a few bodybuilders at your local gym that don’t know shit. We’re talking about professional Olympia competitors, not the dude spouting bro science at you at your local golds gym"
"On this account a year ish
Old account like august 2019"
"I do compete and I post my physique pretty often between SOMS, MM, and the posing threads. I didn’t take pics just for 170 but you can find all my weekly check ins on [my Instagram](https://instagram.com/brazenmaiden?igshid=1h87wcxbky3xp)."
"No, I absolutely love the mass monsters. Other the some of those calves veins haha. But the freaky dudes are mind blowing."
Nah I'd rather be busy than bored at a monotonous 9-5 for the next 30+ years
"Awesome, very interested to see where he will place."
"Thanks bro, strongest body part for sure"
Yeah I don’t see it.
My sweet bro would tell you to fuck on MEN
"Apparently I look old as fuck, everyone asks my age and shocked when I say 19,a hair stylist asked how many kids I had. One of my co workers assumed I was late twenties, fuck this"
"I think that Cbum deserved the win, but it was tighter than last year. I wouldn’t be surprised if Terrance beats Chris come 2022."
"I goddamn hate that I'm shit at cutting. I know I'd look fucking amazing if I leaned out, but I always cave in to the hunger. I know I've got pretty good facial aesthetics, and want to see them lean. I've never been below 14-15% body fat besides when I had just started lifting, cause I was small and leanish."
Imagine if the friend denies being a part of the prank and insists he actually found your account.
"I know there have been some threads on best incline angle for dumbbells - it seems 30 degrees is ideal but I was wondering will I see a noticeable difference between 25 and 30 degrees?

Making my own gym and the bench I bought only has 25 degrees - I usually benched 30 degrees at the gym"
You think your better than me because all you eat is grass? Get away from me hippie
"I haven’t made much progress for awhile, so I’m gonna increase my calories and eat much healthier than before. Thoughts on my new meal plan?

(1000 calories) Breakfast: Unsweetened bowl of oatmeal with bananas, milk, and peanut butter

(500 calories) Lunch: Egg sandwich with mayonnaise 

(650 calories) Snacks: Can of beans, protein bar

(400-600 calories) Dinner: A meat and a vegetable. Salmon or steak usually.


This is still not that many calories, but I’m 5’8 160 pounds. Any suggestions for things I could add? Or nutrients I’m missing"
If this is the last one then best of luck champ 💪🏻 It’s been great seeing you over the last few weeks and months. Best of luck and perform well 👏🏼
"Thanks for the support! I lost a bit today, like 1.5lb from the 4.5 I gained haha but looked better, and both perimeters and skin folds have gone down from last week so that's something. Hope eating a little more this week helps with sleep and recovery and I get back on track again."
Which makes little to no sense. I’d guarantee most pros are weight training.
Thanks for the feedback. Back in the gym tomorrow!
Abs on a skinny dude are like boobs on a fat chick. They don’t count
"Man, what I would do to have my first scoop of pre again. You will never replicate that feeling again."
Is dry scooping whey alright though?
"honestly, exercise and a good diet goes a very long way to being healthy, obesity is the opposite - co-morbidity for so many things. 

All i can say is - you see old bodybuilders, you don't see old obese people. 

Bit of common sense. Take your bloods, don't overdo any AAS, don't do synthol. You'll be fine and live a long time."
Smiling the whole time too. What a killer
90s conditioning is insane today?
"Training to failure gives you the most stimulus for muscle growth, but at the cost of outsized fatigue accumulation. If you always do it, over time this will result in burnout or injury if you don't give yourself a week or two of super easy pussy training or even complete rest every few months. This is especially true for big, compound movements. Staying 1 or 2 reps shy of failure in most of your training gives the best ratio of stimulus to fatigue. Of course you should KNOW what failure means for each movement, so it's fine to go to failure every once in a while, at the end of a training cycle, right before you deload and give yourself some time to recover fully before a new cycle."
Haha thank you. The stache seems to have been a hit from the dudes sliding into my DMs.
"That's brilliant that you have a coach for guidance. I have friends that have competed and started to cut water from 6 weeks out, others around 12-14 days out.
Cutting for me was mentally tough as I was trying to form a new habit and break an old one in a short space of time.
Cutting is exciting and you'll see the real results from all the hard work you've put in. Be proud of yourself once you've got there!!"
Lol. I live in Melbourne and we peaked at nearly 700 cases a day then we locked down and mandated masks and got down to zero cases. Please tell me how lockdowns and masks don’t work?
"So I need to stop drinking caffeine for health reasons, I've been training with stim PWO for as long as I can remember now, probably 6+ years. Has anyone else dropped caffeine for working out after such a long time? How did it go for you?"
"Why do people jump straight to that. Dudes not huge, and 16 year old boys are just naturally full of test and growth hormones, most just don't know/don't care enough to take advantage of it"
"Back squat,  dead lift, clean&amp;press (counting as 1 lift) , flat bench, incline bench"
Thank you for posting this. I’m 6’1 down from 210 to 202.4 and was wondering how much more I realistically need to lose to be shred
I agree with you. That’s why I wanted to be clear the OEB is not the same at all.
I disagree.
Haha if I could dare myself to eat that like my taste is gone but consistensy isn't gone and it's not like I would eat different because I don't taste
"Looking good, I’d play with the angle your right foots at. You’re a hiding one of your biggest quad muscles on your right leg"
"What kind of fitness are you into? 

*advanced fitness*"
"Haha, these all bbs now started thinking after all this deaths"
Chest is lagging and calves suck balls. But you got a great physique overall man. How old are you? Height weight?
Guarantee this kid will win big. One of the best physiques for someone just beginning his career.
Guy is the best
"I have a very high pain tolerance(they say gingers have a very high pain tolerance ;) ) , but god damn popping a little pimple is like being stabbed a thousand times."
Im so happy that most people look like thrash. Makes my dyel physique look like a greek god
"Yes absolutely. First my confidence went way up which will just get you more friends/girls in general, but also guys will ask you about lifting if you look big or mention you go to the gym. Can probably find a lifting partner like this, too."
"Anytime bro. I'm curious to know if it works for you too, shoot me a PM if it does. Hope it works!"
Hell of a moustache
My friends and I met him and one of us said it’s an honor to meet you. He replied saying it should be. I agree champ
"Yeah, caught my attention too, dude looks wide"
Chest assisted rows with a drip set MURDER my lats. It’s awesome. Guess I just hate deadlifting but maybe it’s because I just don’t get the form or something idk
German volume training. Pick a bunch of shit and do em 10×10. Step 2: RIP
"I’ve had dreams about my ex pretty much every other day for the past 2 months even though we broke up in October. Funny enough a lot of the dreams are of her being still in love with me, too. I feel that I’m over her by now but these stupid dreams keep having me waking up confused."
"What do you like to do? I mean, plenty of national parks, history, nature, food, music. I've driven that way before, and it kinda depends on what your timeline is and what you want to see. I wouldn't miss route 66 (even just a piece) so you could say you did it. 

""Heading westbound the route traveled through these cites and towns in Missouri:

St. Louis

Cuba

Rolla

Lebanon

Springfield

Carthage

Brooklyn Heights

Joplin"""
No
"Good morning yall

[lil something for the boys ](https://imgur.com/gallery/j7wY0gl) 😉"
"Well yea, I just meant as much as a freak beast sized person can lol"
Thank you!
"Gamma Bomb does use progressive overload, just not in terms of weight on the bar. The progression is by adding volume every week."
"""good genetics"" IMO mean 4 things in no particular order:

1) muscle shape (e.g. long/short biceps, ab symmetry, etc.).

2) Training response, i.e. how much your muscles grow in mass for a given amount of effort.

3) drug response, i.e. how much benefit you get from a given dose of a given performance enhancing drug.

4) fat loss response, i.e. how fast can you lose fat without your mood/energy tanking and how much muscle you retain at a certain fat loss rate.

Personally, I also think there's a huge genetic component to the psychological aspect of bodybuilding, but that's more controversial and usually not something people think about when they speak of ""good genetics""."
I just wanna have delts like [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/AbsoluteUnits/comments/o13dgm/sweet_brotato/) is that too much to ask?
"Wearing them proud, sir. Excellent job on the gains!"
Fair enough
"Thanks for the recommendation, I think you’ve sold me on it."
"""Oh, honey, you're more like our horses than your father."""
Fair enough bro we all have those days
He means he took a fuck load of gear lmao have a reality check bro plz
"great shape, structure and muscle bellies. Ok, arms need to be jimmied up, but importantly has a great back. just need to pack on more muscle and come in conditioned"
Why does he have such perfect hair. Life isn’t fair bb
"Oh yeah absolutely agree with that, I was just over-complicating it lol"
Very motivating.
Thank you! Consistency is the key!
You look like Big Lenny’s illegitimate son.
"""healthy food is expensive""

kale is literally the cheapest thing ive seen in my life and u can eat it raw straight up"
"it's only a matter of time, such incredible talent"
Completely different. It's like comparing a leg press to a bicep curl
Thank you for a serious answer. I would say bodybuilding is more about building your dream body (which isnt necessarily overly muscly) rather than building tons of muscle but seems I was wrong judging by the replies
oof brah :(
"Actually looks like 2 planets in orbit, rotating around the sun. They say when he goes into a twisting side bicep pose too quickly, it affects earth's gravitational pull and produces a significant change in the ocean currents. I'm not scientifiky, but it sounds plausible."
Natural means you have never taken PEDS.  I know Bryanna and she is lifetime natural.
"Who is your favorite bodybuilder?

“Sedric Ja-Da-Mick-Niddle”"
"Fair enough.

Been alright with &lt;2 weeks left of my undergrad, and definitely looking forward to (hopefully) the last time we need to ""open up"" lol.

How about yourself?"
That dude on the left legit looks like his abs are copied and pasted in MS paint.
"yea lmao kinda lucky in that regard, tho tbh idk how much more id want them developed either. if youve seen my most recent pics, my waist is already 34"" and id like to be as close to 32"" at stage lean as i can since i doubt im getting 30"" ever again"
"Was shocked at how much water Hunter was dropping. Judges worked them HARD but did not expect him to be dumping water like that given how conditioned he’s been all prep. I think he is still the clear winner. 

Brett sure put the BB world on notice though. I think a couple more years of growth will put him firmly in the top 10 Olympia mix. He was hard as nails but lacked a bit of size in the legs from the front compared to Hunter and was slightly shallow in the back. Still a phenomenal open debut and can’t wait to see more of him!"
Wrong sub…
"Also me dating a 15 year old is legal in my state, the law says a 15 year old can date someone up to 9 years older than themselves without statutory rape charges."
Why the hell I decided to start GVT?
Yeah and penis size too would be a good one
I like the Sony XM3s
DOOM (2016) or DOOM Eternal soundtracks
"Still good or more than good for motivating to stay natural! I know nothing is natural these days so I just lookup to this ""pre-steroid"" era to get the Idea what I would want to acheive in a couple of years."
Which genes would these be? Serious question.
"Ted Lasso.

Holy fuck this show is inspiring"
Make sure you smile a lot for the show you have a very nice smile and come across as handsome and confident
full as fuck
"Or you could just be honest about your experience with it rather than increasing the fearmongering that is already insanely rampant, then explain how you still believe it should be taken seriously because for vulnerable people it can be dangerous."
"Just come to Florida, no fuckin way any restrictions are coming back 😎"
big shit?
Take your time while posing. Good routine just hold them more to allow appreciation. Just get bigger. Everywhere work on proportion.
I do abs 1-2x per week and there pretty visible at 16% bodyfat. I do around 18 sets for them.
You guys got any good ideas for a white elephant gift exchange?
Is it retarded to DL on a smith machine?
"You look good man. I assume you're standing by a window so the lighting is washing you out a bit, but from what we can see you look like you're a t a really good spot 6 weeks out."
Instant oats blend the best
"I've been sleeping about 3 hours a night lol, there ain't time to wake up. Also, while *most* people wake up two or three times in the night, some don't and I don't think I'm one of them when I can get enough sleep."
I love calums post
"Had a similar issue, best exercises for me was YTIW’s, deep neck flexion, shoulder blade retraction squeezers, and an exercise i call snow angels. For the last one, lay on your stomach and put your arms fully extended out in front of you above your head with your palms facing the floor. As you keep your arms extended, slowly move your arms in a circular motion toward the sides while slowing turning your hands to the ceiling and squeeze hard at the bottom. Let me know if you have any questions i can’t find a video of the last one"
"According to Panini himself, pretty much everyone uses oil(or something similar).

I think Flex was a known Oil prince, IDK about Phil though."
"They are a great movement, just need to learn how to focus on hammies and glutes and not just lifting the weight. Slow eccentric feeling the stretch and then focusing on squeezing the glutes may help for that."
I'm literally missing half of one of mine
He looks fucking sick
Store brand is brittle and shit. Quaker all the way
I do it sometimes when I'm feeling lazy but I know I could never been an influencer because every time I do it I get a sour look on my face and gag on the powder lmao
Amazing!!!
I personally prefer drinking them lmao
Thank you!
Blessing looks great in this shot
In like 99% of cases gyno can be fixed only with surgery unless you treat it with drugs as it's developing. After it's formed then it's over.
Small aside - how the hell do the classic guys keep their waists so trim compared to everything else? Limited oblique training and not going super heavy to get that strongman barrel gut?
"Lol, the point is you are speculating about drug use, you don’t know, so in turn it’s not fair to speculate any further, you don’t know anything and prove your own comment wrong."
"No worries in my end! I understood what you meant and why you saw it that way. 

For your second part though… I appreciate the kind words, but that was kind of an odd insertion of your assumption. Nowhere in my response did I insinuate or associate a decrease in the value of my own progress in comparison to someone else’s. I was comparing my progress as a natty 22 year old ~10 years ago to this 22 year old competitor who has likely quite a bit of exogenous influence. I’m very happy with how far I’ve come."
Love when the gym feels like a dungeon. Great for getting into it
"He doesnt seem to really enjoy competing, he’s talked about his anxiety a bit. I wonder if that makes it hard to relax on stage for him. Compare his stage presence to a guy like Bumstead, where his confidence just oozes."
No i think you’re the first
Cool thanks
Bonus points for the prog-rock porn soundtrack.
"You wear your belt very high lol, mine touches the bottom of my ribs but isn’t over ribs at all"
Haha thank you boss. I appreciate that.
Sarcasm?
"Yeah noticed a dramatic drop in energy over the last week or so. Thought I was maybe just overdoing it. Shortness of breath was subtle. Back ached right around my lungs. ""Just got a great back workout and not enough stretching.""

Probably wouldn't be so pissed but I was experimenting with a new routine I was really hopeful about and anxious to see if it was a keeper. It's not going anywhere, but still..."
Thank you!
There’s another kind? ;)
"geeeze dat physique is insane, prob the best ive seen in a very long time"
Yep it's terrible. Used to play infield in my slow pitch softball leagues and all of a sudden i couldn't make a throw to first without throwing it 10 feet over the first basemans head. It's so crazy cause you know it's just a mental issue yet you can't get yourself out of it
This post is messed up
Thanks
Hit your traps. That's what is lagging behind.
What did you find that’s depressing? I looked but got bored because I found nothing lol
The whole day is wasted when that happens.
Impressive but not enough to become a King
amazing work
"thank you for advice, if I had money for an award I would give it to you but thank you"
Lol cheers!
You sure it’s not r/suddenlygay
Someone redpill me on that dirty bulk life
"I hope he didn’t suffer. Yeah, his choices may have caught up to him or he could have had an underlying, undiagnosed condition that prematurely ended his life; nonetheless, what bodybuilders do is impressive and yea, extreme, and unhealthy. We should, as a community, have a conversation about the unhealthy aspects of the sport."
"Sarms definitely work, just don't do them as a noobie (or any PED, for that matter). They carry all the same risks as steroids such as gyno, acne, hair loss, etc."
"If I *really* want to know who is stronger, I think that I'd need a lot of information about someone's lifts to determine who is stronger.  I'd need 1 rep maxes of a LOT of different exercises (not just ""the big 3""), different grip types, lots of different rep ranges (with different tempos), and even some random things like isometric holds.  So I agree that 1 rep maxes are overrated for comparison purposes.

But since that's impossible and people just love to make comparisons, 1 rep maxes are generally the simplest way to compare two lifts.  

Also, 1 rep maxes are generally when my technique is actually the best and I think that's how a lot of lifters are."
It deff has but the more physiques like this you get competing the more we might see a swing to a truly classic aesthetic.  This guys body is undeniably well proportioned and adding size over time will only make it more competitive.  Looks diced but still healthy and strong.  I'm so fucking impressed.
"okay, I guess I was just trying to find someone else that's experienced something similar and how they approached their situation. Thanks"
Holy shit get off of your phone and tv.
Thank you a lot for the info mate appreciate it
"As a wanna be fitness competitor, can I ask why 45min? I thought 20-25 was the norm,? For context, Im a woman...5'2"""
[Holy shit I’m legit crying from laughter](https://youtu.be/d69ks-OSoSk)
Beautiful
"Awesome pics. Great size. Look thick. Solid. Tight. Keep us all posted on your continued progress with any new progress pics or vid clips. Show us what you got man. Wanna see how freakn' huge, solid, thick and tight you can get. Thanks for the motivation."
"Want me to do the work for you too?

Maintenance calories. Exercise doesn’t change no matter your situation unless deep into a prep and use common sense for the rest."
"Congrats mate, wishing the best in the new job!"
EDIT: wow thanks for the gold follow me on YouTube Instagram tiktok onlyfans Facebook pslive MySpace adultfriendfinder
"I have a friend who fixes my car problems. Today I baked him his favorite cookies in trade for replacing my starter. He shoulda asked for more cookies 'cause nine hours later I'm back lmao. Time was spent with a food break and diagnosing a heater issue and also that we (he) had to push the engine-less car he was working on out of his garage since we lost daylight, and then back in afterward at 1am going uphill. But he said his thigh muscles were burning and asked what they were called so really I just helped a friend do legs today."
For real. Better at finding stuff than Craigslist or offerup
"It's necessary because you are focused on macros. 

I really wish you'd read that book, it covers a lot of things about the food you eat, but the big focus is that organic food IS almost laways more nutrient dense than non-organic food, not to mention the biggest factor is no pesticides or factors that could potentially get you sick via cancer or other long term ailment.  

The GMO part doesnt matter, I mean, literally every single thing we eat is the crossbred/domesticated nonwild version of the plant, but the thing about non-organic food is its less nutrient dense and can be potentially harmful via carcinogenics.

This is like the difference between getting your macros from a Big Mac or a homemade grilled chicken and broccoli dish."
your post got removed! loser! i’m one of ur haters! ewwww! (this is not DL)
Bro.  Planet Fitness is legit.  And you can't beat $25/month... Other gyms in my area are at least $100/month for what you get.
He's short but he's wide af lol. Maybe he's not even that short just his width makes him look shorter than he is.
A severely dehydrated one
Gotta get on the var to have any success
I'm obese and I'm proud!
You either die a gym bro or live long enough to see yourself love leg day
"Christ, wish I looked like that at 16."
You don’t go crazy at all on deadlifts if that’s the case
Anyone have some good high volume low calorie recipes they have as a staple in their diet?
"Yep I’m 6 foot flat, and your intake seems to be a bit higher than mine. People always say “oh I wish I had your metabolism”, and I’m like “it’s a blessing and a curse”. I can eat whatever I want when I want basically, but most days I don’t feel like eating but have to force myself anyways."
Strength as in 1rm? From a bodybuilding perspective? Little to none. The only major benefit might be making lifting more enjoyable.
"Yes. My question is years later, when the substance has cleared your body, what is the science behind why you will have an advantage?"
"I drink at least like 3 bottles at work. Then at home I go through like 4-5 big cups. Just drink a bunch of water man. I like to drink till
Me peepee is clear"
The reason why i don’t weigh a shit ton is because of my torso and bf%. I have a pretty average height torso with very long arms and legs.  My shoulders are super wide but my stomach abdominal area is very short and thin which is a big factor in weight. I’m also not sure if I have light bones or what but my brother who is 6’2 and has very little muscle at all as he doesn’t lift and is pretty skinny weighs more than me. And his bf isn’t high he’s just a heavy guy. I’ve always been lean I’ve never cut calories in my life.
Wow. Honored to be confused for Kai. Thank you
I put 3g of salt in my intra. You’re fine
I am super excited to try 225lb squats in a week or so which is exciting because it would be the first time squaring over 200 since I had a disc herniation like 1.5yrs ago that stole all my motivation for lifting until about a month back. Even though I tweaked my back 2 weeks ago (on fuckin 135lb hip thrust of all things) I found that squats don’t aggravate it. I know 225 isn’t much but having had a 3plate in my sights to nothing due to injury this is huge for me. I am also lighter than I have been since like jr high.
"LMAO, I was looking at first picture and reading everyone’s comment thinking what is everyone talking about.  Then I realized there are more pictures.  Hahahaha, scary."
"Stopped lifting since quarantine, lost a lot of definition in general, need nutrition advice mainly, and how to get back into lifting safely..."
"Yesss, bro yes.💯👌🏾"
"Fuck you, my alpha white tiger test booster I got at GNC will give me bigger legs than Tom platz and his gay squats"
Q: why are you lying on the internet?
"If you want something that fits really well, buy a shirt and have it altered to your shape. It’s not as expensive as you might think, and it will fit loads better than something expensive off the rack."
"Looking really well balanced man, great job! 💪"
"I'm pretty sure he's competing this year! He has been posting on Instagram pretty frequently after being inactive for a long time, and he's looking huge."
"Idk how they are disagreeing 

A push up has the same movement as a bench press

Yeah you can’t load super heavy weight but muscle building is all about time under tension 

I prefer cable flies for chest building anyways 

Especially after i hurt my shoulder earlier this year"
that is going to be a huge line!
"Thanks bro, gonna keep this in my mind"
Sounds a lot more like a threat than an award
I went crosseyed lol
Thank you - I'll try this :)
"Noticed this too, he looks good either way"
"Yeah I really enjoyed it. I personally had to work hard to keep water off on the blast but my body holds water easily natty too. Only reason I cared too much about that is it really effects my conditioning when I’m holding a lot, and the last thing I want is to end a set of hacks early because I’m out of breath rather than because of muscular failure.

Dude the joint relief was literally the best part about it. You’ll really enjoy that aspect for sure, it was great."
I just do bullyjuice challenges on YouTube. I’m seeing results
Thx bb almost slipped up
"I always feel like an asshole whenever anyone mentions ""The _____ on certain athletes (forarms on climbers, shoulders on basketball players, even legs on sprinters"" because while they're often fairly decent, they're never *that* impressive.

But holy crap cyclers have some quads."
Tf? Who’s saying it’s natural? You ain’t gonna see natural in this sub. What even is natural anyway. Everything is just chemicals and stuff with some arbitrary rules of what constitutes natural or not.
"Crunch Fitness is like 24 Hour Fitness but only $10 a month. 

LA Fitness is just another corporate gym. I mean, it gets the job done but they're literally in every state."
😂😂 what a proposition lol
guy looks like an absolutely yoked abraham lincoln
"I got u brother

You like shakes? Get your favorite fruits, add in some oats (20ish grams of carbs), and don’t use dairy - tell ya why

try alternatives like rice milk or oat milk: they taste great, slightly sweet if vanilla or not at all if plain, and has macros of 25ish grams of carbs per serving. A tall glass worth is easily 50g of carbs, and only goes up if you like your smoothies less thick. Chug n go!"
"Dude it’s just a guy letting his friend absorb some gains from him, nice of him to do so."
Yes I think it is dude you should you should be able to tell?
Lol also you reading thru all the old DDs
Yeah it's actually pretty weak for 1 full cycle more like a low TRT dose
"Yes, and I don’t mean to sound like I lack empathy for it. His body is a wreck and it’s no surprise to anyone that he needs to be medicated for it. However there are unfortunate side effects to being dependent on these drugs.  

I don’t have any interest in blaming him for it, just stating the facts. He is rarely coherent anymore, so if we’re talking about how smart he is, it’s worth noting that “new” fans of Ronnie may not have ever seen him at his best, and may only have recent memories of his inability to string words together to form a rational statement."
Yeah I guess so. Bout to buy some turbo gym lock then
Lee is one of the best to ever do it.
Haha the next evolution of alpha males/ sigma males: swearing off sex
"I was curious so I clicked 'other units' on that calculator at the bottom. Scrolled down the list of units. Saw 'light year'.


Yup...how tall are you? Oh, about 1.3lightyears..."
"The Metcon FreeAir’s have been my favorite shoe in a long time. Hell, all of the Metcon’s are nice, but I love the tongueless feel."
Sounds very sensible. Clearly getting results. Biggest one is not rebounding. Best of luck friend
I see the arms are kinda problems as well as for me :D But dude nice work! hamstrings poping off! Big respect.
Like 40-60 bucks
Each shoulder looks like two shoulders
"Yeah I know, everything needs work. Diet is back on as planned (a little less actually). And I plan to book into a Dr about mental health stuff that influenced some of the bad eating I was doing. 2021 is going to have a hard focus on actually addressing my shortcomings in all aspects."
"oh ok cool, cause that's like one of your problems"
"Unfortunately that isn’t how the transfer of genetics or physiology works, it’s 50%, look up the Punnett Square, it’ll give you a better idea of how the transfer of genes works.

agree with the second half though, we can agree the mom has some good genetics here, just hate seeing people go “nooo he can’t be unatty that’s Arnold’s son”, my dad for example is like 6’0, was a unit when he was training seriously, me? I’m like 5’7 on a good day, and the only thing I got from him was his biceps and back thickness (fair to say my moms genes are a waste) but my point is it’s not or never will be 100% of a certain DNA/RNA trait, that’s literally impossible and not how it works,"
"Definitely hoping that it'll tighten up just a tad more, but thinking that'll occur with the next drop in carbs come week 3. Planned to go to 149 to 120 or so."
"The only pre-workout that gave me the shits was BSN's N.O. Explode. Caffeine has that effect for sure, but there can be other things that can be messing with the system."
"Yep. just buy something that tracks NASDAQ or S&amp;P500 and you'll see average yearly growth of 7%, i.e. double your money every 10 years. People who try to get hundred-fold returns crash and burn 99% of the time."
probably because you failed to activate your almonds
But no is doing anything to bring this back
All his proportions are just wrong - it’s weird yo
TRUE
"&gt;gay new Greg fad

  honestly yeah, probably

  He basically seems to be old school hi pro, hi carb, low fat combined with IIFYM, as such probably views whole eggs as being too calorie dense overall.

  Which to be fair, if you start consuming more then 2-3 per day they can add up fairly quickly, but yeah, all the actual good nutrition from the egg is actually in the yolk.  

  Winds up being a beef VS chicken breast type of thing.  Beef is much higher in nutrients, but tends to be fattier.  Chicken breast is basically all protein and so can hit the protein macro easier while keeping overall calories down.

  Now where all this shit really doesn't make sense to my mind is people that go the chicken, egg white route, but then deliberately add ""healthy fats"" in the way of olive oil, peanut butter, avocados to the point where they could just be eating beef and eggs instead and getting higher quality protein sources."
"Did the Bulgarian Drop Set of Death for the first time today.

I was talking to my homie on the phone after and he thought I’d been crying"
Yeah I agree. Jay should never have won anything either with his physique right?
I'm about to do the leg ext drop set of death with gamma bomb.  Fucking love it.  My quads are wrecked and I love it. I'm just worried I'm missing out on volume by not having the leg press.  Thank you for the tip on heel elevated! I'm going to try that instead of my regular split squat sub next time.
It’s a shame he never repeated that conditioning in the pros
Blessing is such an insecure person
Waist is so thin and great arms
"I love how they say ""have obesity"" instead of ""are obese"", really shows you how mental these people are"
Fuck yall telling me to stop going off program im hitting 3 plates on squat tomorrow dont care what it takes because its gonna continue sitting in the back of my mind 24/7 until i finally hit it
Thanks!
It seems like we have at least one thread each day hating on Nick Walker's calve veins. Shit's getting old pretty fast
Your telling me :(
He looks gross
cbum fanboys just hate breon honestly.
You mean drug tested which is definitely not natural
"Yeah, I think everyone realizes that they need to dial down the weight and fix their form at one point or another.

 I would personally suggest not doing deadlifts for a little while and instead focusing on pure hip hinges - hip thrusts, RDLs, good mornings if you're careful - so you can get the technique and strengthen the posterior chain."
Who cares if you go bald. Just shave your head once it gets too far.
Haha ikr.  What else would you expect from that guy?
Failure every time
"I asked him “who doesn’t want bigger arms? Training for mass is fun and being bigger is fun.”

He replied “me! I just wanna be functional.”

Bro. WE ARE FUNCTIONAL. He’s 40 but being a stick in the mud."
"thanks for the advice, tried again

https://i.imgur.com/RsToo1N.jpg"
Damn bro looking strong!
I read that in Arnold's voice. Lol
Thanks 🙂
"Wow! I may up my dosage over time then! I was too scared to go too high as I don’t have high bp so didn’t want it to dip too low. Ill check with my doctor for sure. 

I had cancer when I was 14 years old and now im ~8 year in remission so health is number one for me for sure! 

The thought has definitely crossed my mind and Im sure we could try to take low dose PEDs like Cbum does but I just don’t think its worth the risk. He’s playing with fire and uncharted territory unfortunately.."
thanks buddy
"Hell yeah, fellow swole gamers where you at?"
Sexy.
Yep
"Man, I'm so excited. I finally just placed my order for WrongDog."
"Yeah, it takes about twice as long as just going to uni or whatever, but the way it usually works is 4 days at a job and then 1 day at uni or college, but the company you work for pays for all of your education and you earn a wage (although it is slightly reduced) and get loads of actual experience to put on your CV. People still favour uni for some reason though lol. 

Thanks man!"
alright well do you know any better alternatives then? would an nsuns rep scheme better than this?
I always get two boxes too. Hope your bars are extra tasty this time :)
I wanna be like this dude!
I like Yohimbine HCl but it does make me nauseated sometimes.
Good dog
"Awesome, thank you so much!"
Vitamin d
"you should stop posting if you don't know what you're talking about. fake gear doesn't crash your hormones, real gear does."
Ive always liked him . Im relatively new here .
"So the Reddit beginner PPL recommends 4 sets of hammer curls and then 4 sets of dumbbell curls for each pull day. I wanted to include more bicep exercises, so one pull day do the recommendation but the second pull day try out different variations. What’s a good mix to do?

I was thinking of doing

Pull day 1:

- hammer curls
- incline db curls

Pull day 2:

- Hammer curl
- Concentration curl"
Sleeves not a ton. Unless they like 7mm+ super tight neoprene or something it's just going to be substantial.
"Honestly dont think they did. Dorian did short workouts, blasted through them quickly, and Jay did lighter weight. Ronnie worked out for longer, and with powerlifter level weights."
Lmao 🤣😅
i noticed recently this skinny fit dudes with his client got so intimidated while me staring at them doing their workouts until had to take off shirts and yet didnt even had legs nothing but giraffe legs smh
"Best decision you will make.

You'll feel like a new man once recovered.

I could finally wear shorts without feeling awkward and paranoid.

Good luck I wish you well"
Damn you got a solid square glutes of steal
It's just some fake hoe with a spam account stop perpetuating it lol
"muscle growth is much faster then corresponding connective tissue (tendons + ligament) growth.  Learned this when I got into bouldering and rockclimbing.  It takes a muscle 1 month to gain what it would take a tendon 6 months, and ligaments even longer (due to blood supply).  Its a time thing, that means patience.  Also try things like yoga which are great for connective tissue and joint strengthening specifically- isometric holds."
But yeah good tip 1 week out I'll work on putting on 20lbs
"Yeah he specifically posts on this sub.  Used to happen a lot more frequently a few years back and he would make replies in comments and stuff, he still shows up from time to time though."
Sounds like a non gains goblin. Gz
Wrong sub bro… try r/brogress or r/twinks
"oh there's no precum on my dick man

it's already seeped out into my briefs and is working it's way to seep through onto my shorts. ""No, I didn't pee myself, it's just precum from this guy online mentioning leathery swinger couples approaching him okay? honest mistake"""
"Finally making some real progress in the bulk. Had two friends ask me if I started juicing. If you saw me you’d understand why I laughed...but they were serious. On the one hand, cool, it feels nice to have people notice results. On the other...people’s expectations of what hard work+ diet can/can’t achieve are kind of skewed."
On my quest to retarded irrelevant posts I’ll remember this
"Yeah I’m banking on Timms placing high 100%. Too many in the community are too blinded by Chris’ testes covering their eyes to be able to see some of the competition in guys like Laszio, Neil, Uribe to name a few who all have Top 5 potential, and you could throw in B.Jones or Tommy in there if they’re conditioning wasn’t so watery/subpar."
Well just gives beginners fake impression on progress they can achieve. Then they end up complaining that creatine did nothing for them 😂
Better call Saul is phenomenal as well
You and Ramone are going to be battling for the top spot this weekend!
LEAVE MY DADDY ALONE!
"Go blow your knees out, then, dumb fuck."
"Yeah he's huge and all, but I think the guy on the right has better general aesthetics. I'm not a mister O judge tho. But I'd wager most average folk would agree."
Ok sir lol
Also true
"Looking great man, well placed for 2 weeks out, just some work on the arms and wheels and you could do some good damage in classic too!"
You may post this in the Mirin Monday or Shit on me Sunday weekly threads or in the Daily Discussion Thread.
"Look great bro, and your facial expressions are on point also, great job👍💪"
"Can anyone shoot me a link to purchase those silicone grip, cable attachments you see at bodybuilding gyms nowadays? 

I found something similar on Amazon: 

www.amazon.com/dp/B08J3QGJRZ/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_glt_fabc_87Y5ZDGXMBDC95KZ2XBR?_encoding=UTF8&amp;psc=1

but, reviews claim that these are knockoffs and the shipping cost itself is more than the actual unit.

Thanks guys"
That god damn soy sauce.
"Leg workouts fatigue me like crazy (obvious huh?), but the ones that get hit the most are shoulder presses and lateral raises. I'm shit at them usually and with reduced energy even moreso."
Nutella is so good but loaded with so much processed shit 😔. I’ve just been eating natural peanut butter with a bit of cocoa powder mixed in
😂😂😂 have some self awareness lmao
I would avoid trying to gain 20 lbs in only 3 or 4 months. You're going to get pretty fat. You can't do a whole bulk and cut cycle by summer unless it's a really small one
Why so far from the camera. Looking good tho!
Lol yes sir
Whoa look at that freak
"Upvote for sarcasm
Down for seriousness"
"We bulk at Costco, we cut at Trader Joe's.

(Except for whey and egg whites)"
"From my personal experience, yes. I really saw lay growth once I started incorporating straight bar/rope pull overs."
"Good lawd those meaty meaty drumsticks of legs .  That diet is scary, that’s a hell of an amount of discipline right there."
Good luck. Height/Weight??
Probably because they don't pay well enough for a lighting designer that knows what they're doing.
Thanks. Appreciate it
"1 scoop vanilla Protein, 75g oats 20g dark choc, 60g frozen fruit"
Bro you have god tier fat distribution to be a female IG influencer
Get the Fook out of here with that shit.
My god...his face...wtf man....legit worried bout what these dudes have to subject themselves to. I feel like this is science-project levels of drug abuse...
He already won my heart 😍💪
"For competitive bodybuilding, yes. If you’re just trying to look jacked though, tattoos look ballin."
he's gonna get a notification from DICK FUCK PUSSY SUCK lol
Patrick’s waist and structure is great but overall his physique lacks something to me. I think it’s the separation and roundness of the muscle bellies.
"Bench press is shit imo. Do dumbbells or the ""holy hammer strength laying plate loaded isolateral chest press"".

Pinch those shoulders back, arch the back real nice, push your sternum out, and flare your elbows far enough out that you can feel the pec squeeze at the top and begin to stretch at the bottom."
"Logan is true classic in my opinion, very close to the era but thats not what judges want to see unfortunately."
"I enjoyed both. Honestly I'm shocked I had the time to get through both of them when I was in school. Both are 5 days a week if I remember correctly, and I'm looking for something that's 4. I'd recommend both programs. Like I said, I'm super busy during the semester, and this semester I'm a lot further from the gym than usual. Spending time at the gym once I get there isn't a problem, but the fewer times I have to make that trip, the better."
I posted on r/awww since idk how to post pics to the dd
"it's pretty easy to verify whether you're eating enough protein or not right? maybe you're too lean? maybe you've been in a deficit for too long? maybe you're not getting enough micronutrients? this is a personal anecdote, but when I don't have shit to do, I become lethargic as fuck. now that I'm busy with work and have an active social life, my energy is there, despite being in a deficit. I'm sure you can figure out what it is if you take an honest look at things."
"&gt; Lol he isn't gonna die at 40 of anything gear related.

Yea my bad I didn't specifically mean him I was exaggerating the mantra I've seen some people follow. I appreciate the response!

The wiki is kinda old on the sub but is the 16 week cycle still the preferred method? Seems like a lot of people are on mild cruises year round and blast whenever they want."
Orthopedic pillows look a weird shape but they're great for your neck and real comfortable.
"Slow high reps very low weight when getting back into it imo. Feel the lactic acid burn, not your body struggling to move heavy weight. You'll be back to your normal self in time, don't fuckup your joints moving as heavy as possible just cause you can. Not sure if this helps you didn't specify much in terms of movement choices."
Dude was a magnificent squatter. Anyone who hasn’t seen the video of him repping 500# needs to immediately. https://youtu.be/DjtVvYk1HWw
"Good work! It's really paying off, you look amazing."
"Maybe you just have no idea what you’re doing

Overtraining isn’t a thing, sleep more and eat better."
"My thoughts, also! Thank you."
that's impressive. Not many people can do that much
"I second the sweet potatoes. Also I eat a lot of oatmeal. It’s like the carbohydrate version of eggs, you can do a lot with it. Throw some fruit in there, peanut butter, protein powder, nuts, all kinda flexibility there."
"Definitely don't go to a doctor over something as trivial as your heart... /s

COME ON PEOPLE"
"Yeah sounds like the battery might need replacing, same shit started happening with my old iPhone 7"
[this cut has shown me I have no ab muscles whatsoever  ](https://imgur.com/gallery/iLNjUrT)
Trust me you won’t regret it
Looking good man! I would agree with the tri comments but you are still balanced right now. How's the back?
Yes. I always felt bad because my husband tries to explain his job or his investments to me and I just blank out after awhile and nothing makes sense anymore. Good to know I’m not stupid. My brain just sucks at listening and focusing.
Dude you look solid for 18 and especially one year in.
Don’t forget about Breon he’s looking like a monster
"True, true."
Fantastic build!  Keep us updated as you progress in your prep!
"That’s not how it works lol, your pay is tax free and you get some bonuses, but you aren’t getting 60k per year unless you’re either an officer(gone to college) or married(which means that money is also paying for your family at home) and there’s no bonus for going more than 1 time.  The pay is nice over there, but it’s not going to make you rich.

I’m sorry to say, but it’s very very unlikely we’ll be in iraq in 6 years, and if we are it’s going to be a tiny handful.  I was supposed to go to Afghanistan this year and they canceled that 18 months ago."
"I think its the lighting, and the only bad difference I see is his waist width in the back lat spread"
We like what we like 🤙🤙😎😎
"Yes, this Olympia will be one for the ages! I see James coming 8-9th if he’s on his shit which I don’t doubt 🙌🏼"
Gotta do tren like the cows to be worthy of their meat.
Thank you
"I am! With Dylan! I love them. 

Also I check in with posing coach in my suit on Saturday, I’ll send here too! It’s improved a LOT"
"Fair, each to their own 🥂"
"No real way to answer that first question. Depends a lot on your structure, your proportions, and your level of leanness. I’ve heard people throw around the “overweight BMI at 10-12% BF” but that’s not set in stone and everything still depends on what I listed above."
maybe try a lower intensity cardio for longer. also could try doing it separate from lifting so you arent as tired.
I’ve never liked the “meet at a hobby” thing cause like… how many girls have y’all met at a hobby before? Who even meets girls at what… book club? Do people even go to book clubs?
"Speaking of needles being stuck into people. Brad, have you got that blood work done yet?"
"**Vote for Bob**

*(Serge wins on the stage tho due to bodybuilding criteria)*"
"food diversity, healthy gut, healthy microbiome, etc. etc. etc."
"Honestly this isn't the majority of the issue. This alone wouldn't kill someone at 46. It's the extreme dehydration, diuretics, PEDs, extreme caloric deficit, micronutrient imbalances, AND the fact that they're holding a lot of muscle. I just wish people would wake the fuck up, and change the sport for the better. There needs to be hydration tests, blood work, etc. put in place to compete. Similar to other sports where weight cutting cause injury such as combat sports. This sport has gotten to the point where it's causing extreme lasting injury to competitor's bodies, when it's supposed to show the ""ideal"" physique. Why don't we take health into account?"
"If your back looks like baki, that means you played through the gym."
"There’s no short cut. It’s hard work being a Body builder. If you’re not willing to do the hard work, then it’s the wrong sport for you. You’ve got to love it. If you love it, you will get to where you want to be."
"Pics from the end of my cut. Any advice on areas I should work on in particular while I bulk?

27, 6’2”, 179lbs

https://imgur.com/gallery/tPG7jFb"
What the fuck did training and diet look like back then. Any stats on height and weight for those pictures?
Crazy my guy!
interesting that hes posting pretty old photos right now. creating that hype? 👀
no way
"Anyone else hate wearing polyester/athletic type material clothing to train in? The only type of clothing I wear like that are Lululemon shorts or leggings on legday sometimes. Other than that I only wear cotton sweatshorts, tshirts or tank tops."
I hope it never goes away
Anyone hate it when your cutting and after your morning shit etc you weight more than you did yesterday morning? I know its still moving through my digestion but its so disheartening.
"Absolutely man, it’s upsetting that a bodybuilding sub with over 1m subscribers has practically no participation in the part that everyone says to practice. But what can ya do"
Rep in Peace legend SHOOPAHHHH
"Thanks bro, just sent a message!"
"Idk how it’s sexist to be curious if women with muscle mass that would put them in the top 0.001% of men with much higher testosterone are one steroids. If anything, I was trying not to be sexist by assuming maybe genetics could explain. 

Btw, how risky is anavar? Would it shut down natural testosterone production?"
Makes sense. Would support that as well.
"Good advice for like 5% of the population.

Most dudes objectively look better with nice hair."
"I highly doubt they are going to try and exactly match the proportions.

Additionally it’s not like having a tight waist is strictly exclusive to classic at all. Having a tight midsection is just part of bodybuilding as a whole, hence why dudes get shit on when they struggle with it (Phil Heath for example)."
"Is this an American problem I'm too european to understand? Just because your country has a messed up healthcare system that rips off people who have their life at risk doesn't make every doctor in the world a drug dealer, sorry, US isn't the entire world."
"Agreed on all counts. It's like when someone with terrible genetics gives it 150%

Incredible work ethic, just never gonna overcome those things you mentioned. He'd have one of the worst tapers at the Olympia in his first year, can't imagine what year 5 would look like."
"I mean, bullshit probably weighs a lot so it’s possible."
"Hahahaha I meant I broke the ankle twice, and I meant normal months 😂😭💀"
"Its no problem, my weight as i lost it did not give me a whole ton of muscle loss, i am still able to lift decently heavy, and i still practice my strength and endurance lifts, just not as often due to the condition, as I’ve lost weight most if not all heart problems have gone away.  And im hoping i continue to progress my health as i lose weight."
"25% 

I have giant fucking quads lmao"
Yes
"It's science, cookies taste better than abs feel"
Very good so far
Thank you!!! It was a fun day
Wow! That dudes yoked.
"nothin better than aquiring a disgusting chest pump post work on a friday, drivin home windows down, and blasting some nickelback. lifes good gents"
"Well shit, my gf is trying to get me offf of weed by giving me fucking Prozac?!?! 

The pills are called Zatin here in Mexico so I just trusted her when she told me it would help me sleep but goddamn, I never thought it was gonna be Prozac."
Well prepare to cry during sex.
"I had to google it, but it looks like it's literally just an affiliate program for workout supplements. Ex: post this shit on your Instagram/blog/whatever and if anyone buys any we'll give you a (very small) percentage of each sale.

The kicker is that literally anyone can sign up lol. You should go sign up and tell him OH HEY MAN IM REDCON1'S NEWEST TIER OPERATOR IM SO GLAD THEY LET LITERALLY ANYONE JOIN THEIR TEAM!"
You're legit a cunt
Thanks，he is so nice
Chris looks great here but i don't think many people would've guessed he will become the most dominant classic physique champion... crazy to see the amounts of improvement he made
Better music.
"Honest and naive question : he's helping a bit at the beginning of the movement with his back, giving some momentum that makes it easier for the biceps. Wouldn't this specific exercice be more effective if he doesn't do that ?"
Not all of them are genetic freaks like you'd think. Some are just freaks that respond to steroids extremely well. Not all genetic freaks respond to androgens very well. Obviously this is different but I know some amateurs near me that have responded to roids CRAZY WELL. Like you wouldn't think they were the same person on and off cycle.
Eh he's got a good peak but his insertions arent the best on his biceps
"Basically the difference between a perfect temperature and being a fucking sweaty mess haha. Although can see how Fahrenheit make some sense, what kills me is the distance units."
I have NO idea how I would wear this out for a formal outing. So glad I'm gonna be able to style it again soon for that haha.
Nick can suck it. Breon is classic as fuck
Then you must have been full of shit.
"phenomenal discipline, and kudos to you for that. however if you're not a physique competitor, I think you owe it to yourself to treat yourself.  one cheat meal won't hinder your progress and can help in the longrun to keep on track. burnout is real, but do what works best for you."
"Starting to cut for summer after a dirty bulk, 5’8” , 189lbs this AM. https://imgur.com/a/iM3kgYJ"
Bold of you to think I won't guzzle those babies down like a porn star guzzles future children down
Creeping Death 2 was a lot of fun. Taskmaster or warlock are also good. Gamma bomb if you want more arms
"I’d say sets per exercise is pretty irrelevant, as long as you’re getting your total volume in and at least hitting the muscle from a variation of angles."
"Ok so... there's something that's been bothering me lately.

I know that historically bodybuilding/powerlifting/oly/lifting in general have been more working class/lower status sports or hobbies and that's honestly not something that bothers me at all because I enjoy training

But has anyone else felt like the COVID epidemic has made lifting communities unbearable? It's like as soon as COVID hit, all these lifting communities turned into full on anti-vaxx, anti-mask, pro-conspiracy theory circles which honestly is making the whole lifting social space unbearable as a whole"
I loved 2014 Godzilla as well as KOTM if you saw those.
"Oh man thanks for the kind words. Nah man i competed in USAPL powerlifting fed and actually like 9 months before this pic i squatted 551, benched 352 and deadlifted 600 at 199lbs in a USAPL competition which is a drug tested fed. But i dont drink or smoke because i care about my health a lot so steroids scare me lol. Just heavy benching, squatting and deadlifting with some big accessories and thats it"
"Ah damn, I thought only downside was not flushing and I just plunger it. putting shitty tissues in the bin always seemed weird to me lmfao, wtf do u do to them?"
I knew Bobby pretty well ... He did not compare to John.......I hate to see anyone go but to me Bobby was more evil than good.... And yes the knew him for years.....I knew the whole family....
Thank you sir!
"Yo why do I feel like taking a shit after taking my protein shake after workout? I blend it with milk, am I possible lactose intolerant?"
Yes.
Lmao not even close
Thanks for this helpful information. At the gym as I respond working on these wings 🙏
"I'd love to see what my body could do in the gym after like a week or a month of actually getting enough sleep lol, I'd like to know what difference it makes."
This is waaaay better than mine hahah
"Those look alright; give them a shot for a few weeks and see what kind of results you are getting and how you feel. If you want more leg or more upper body work in a week, consider switching to an upper/lower split, and you can train the priority muscle group twice in a week a little harder, and the lower priority group once but very intensely."
Paused barbell squats and dumbbell split squats are a good way to train stabilization without needing any specific exercise.
"/u/Tootrillbih is trying to [make fun of me](https://i.imgur.com/q9qwdb4.jpg) for deadlifting “only” 405 pounds. For sets of 8. A year after my open heart surgery. Of which beforehand I deadlifted [545 pounds](https://instagram.com/p/BnoqQQbHO6O/) or 3.5x my BW 

Wanted to publicly call out his fatass. Mad because I said he’s hallucinating for saying he’s gaining muscle after he said he eats no protein, eats a bunch, and doesn’t even workout. I know I’m strong; I literally beat the Georgia state deadlift record before my twin brother broke it. Honestly isn’t it a compliment that the only thing this dude can insult me with is my strength?"
"Worst part of cutting, no more morning poops. Poop maybe once every two days 😞"
That looks like the start of a porno that I don’t want to watch..
"Transitioning is like the final 1% of a score if that. In regional/nationals they’ll actually cut you down for having overly flashy or too long of transitions. Pros get more leeway because well, they’re pros. If you tried some of the pro men’s physique transitions at an NPC show the head judge will call you out in front of everyone and tell you to stop. It happens a few times a year.

If someone nails the mandatories 5% better than you and has zero transitions, literally just turns into the next pose, and you have amazingly smooth transitions, you’ll place below them.

Go to an NPC hosted posing clinic before ever competing. They’re free and they’ll tell you all of this. They’ll explicitly tell first time competitors to forget about transitions entirely and focus on mandatories when practicing 100%"
"Amazing work nonetheless, does anyone know if he went on juice at some point?"
not many.3 times a week is ideal
"He is hilarious. My buddy and I love shouting his quotes to hype each other up. I miss the dynamic between him and Larry.

""Morning Paper""

""ATTACK!!""

""Fight the Grim Reaper!"""
"Looks like you dropped 25 pounds in all the right places, succesful prep. 270 pounds is crazy stage weight, can only imagine how much hard work it took to full out that frame. Good luck man"
"Ur right, I’m on here to educate you fools and show you what real muscle is. Just lol at eating chicken breast, broccoli, peotein shakes and bench pressing thinking U will gain real muscle

Real muscle is from real work, real food and recovery"
Losing his modelesque face? I mean do you SEE the stache? Cmon
Shake weight and the total gym.
"Yeah like I mentioned earlier all the matches I get are from people that swiped on me 

Something I realized from this is a huge problem with dating apps is an overabundance mentality. If you're decent looking  and a girl you can have a 100 matches which makes it harder to determine who's the genuine good dudes and who's just a thirsty creep"
"Had a bodybuilding buddy who was 29, healthy, like you, die in January from covid."
"I saw that too, the comments were ridiculous. They are the same people that would argue about 'personal freedoms' and then attack others for their choices. Bunch of sensitive fragile ""men""."
Haha fuck yeah that beginning guitar riff just gets you going
"Ohh this is neat. I wanted to start woodworking/carpentry as a new hobby this year. You should post up when you’re done.

Sorry I have no tips other than to Google it."
"He's bloated as fuck in that second pic, as soon as he cuts all that water and fat (assuming he can) he'll be lucky to hit 75kg stage weight, anyway he's still boring as fuck😂"
thats pretty moderate tbh.
"Add rice to your dinner for easy carbs/cals

Protein shake with whole milk and PB if you really can't hit a surplus of cals"
But i use 2 hands to hold 2 dumbbells. if i grab a dumbbell with one hand and balance with the other will that work different muscles or is it the same thing and im overthinking way too much?
Too perfect! I wish my flair was the Tom Platz of pole dancing cos that’s what it is in my ig bio and I also love Tom Platz. It was meant to be bb 🦭
Took some progress pics today and compared them to some pics 3 months ago and... it’s not much but I’m super proud of myself.
"Back to back illnesses and a 2 week gym closure in between. 

This is getting real old. 

I'm still cutting weight, down to 77kg and I suspect I'll have to reach 70-75 to be summer ready, right in time for winter"
Fight Milk!!!
whats with the almost complete lack of delt striations among pro open bodybuilders even in stage condition? Even twink natties at 10% bf have better delt striations. Is it because of SEOs or something to do with GH and Insulin? There's so little separation between the delts and pecs too (and elsewhere too)
"Lmao, but why? He’s got gains no?"
"Good point! Favre killed it with S1 of the Mandalorian and of course, Iron Man. I think Mandalorian S2 wasn't as much of a banger for me as it relied more on the Jedi (and lightsabres) deus ex machina, if it were kept to just Ahsoka featured in that one episode, that would've been fine. Using the force and force users to deus ex machina is lazy writing, imo. It's something used all the time in Star Wars. ""Oh no she isnt dead, because she's secretly mary poppins/jedi!"" 

Now one argument could be, ""well this story is made for kids."" That would be true about the originally movie, or the cartoon shows maybe, but the target audience for star wars in 2015 - now is very much age 3 to the grave."
Yeah it's pretty sad. The guys on this stage look incredible. Today is just a freak show of a very small minority with the right combo of genetics and mental illness who are willing to take ridiculous amounts of all sorts of drugs.
Thank you!
"awe damn yea i see it , oh well i’m happy i got an answer it’s time to focus on what i can change, adding muscle mass, lean bulk time!"
damn bro!
"Honest question, why do they paint their bodies with that deep dark tan color? 

As an ""old"", I don't get it. Does it cover blemishes? 

I understand the ""freakazoid"" celebration and why people like it. Personally I'll never forget seeing Arnold in the '70's Guinness Book of World Records in the elementary school library as a kid. We've traveled a long way from that version of young Arnold. Lol"
"Lmao It just looks like reddit found this little sub and now a different way of thinking is downvoted to hell. They should see 2017-2018 posts from this sub, that was the golden age of this sub lol."
Since when being confident is tone deaf. STFU
"its so annoying, I think the goverment will just keep open and closing places."
"They allow muscle growth beyond genetic limits. Meadows is significantly beyond anyone’s natural genetic limit. Hence, drugs"
"Damn homie, you actually have my dream build. Good work! Keep it up, I bet you’ll go far."
Would they look at me funny if I asked to do it myself?
"I know fuck all about posing so keep that in mind, but I've seen talk of sorta rolling your left shoulder forward and towards the viewer a bit to bring the left pec more 'curved' around to face the viewer somewhat, too, and makes your chest look fucking huge from the viewers perspective.

I dunno...I'm explaining that terribly. Have a look at a bunch of Olympia level side chest shots to see what I mean. It displays your whole chest from the side rather than mostly just seeing the right pec. I may also be talking shit and misunderstanding the pose but y'know"
"Haven't done anything as tough as contest prep, but one thing I always do after a long call to help me with energy the next day is drink tons of water before going to bed, seems trivial but really helped me with energy."
Those fucking legs are stupid bruh. Good shit.
"banned from insta, not reddit"
I have never seen someone so cut. Wow! 👏👏👏👏
Yeah that makes a lot of sense honestly. Probably why the RP guys are so big on it
Prioritize eating more. Then yes train everything the same. Need more mass before trying to work on specifics
"Its even easier if you are taller though. 

Source: 6'5"" 255 lean and never even cycled."
Yeah thats what I was asking haha sorry. And I’ve been doing 300 calorie LISS cardio even during this bulk so I’m planning on just keeping my calories up at a sustainable point (around 2400 probably) and basically being in a slight deficit off the cardio
"welcome back.

you can share your prison routine w/ /u/dick-fuck-pussy-suck"
"Lol fuck off. I don’t need to give you a reason other than I don’t want to. You aren’t entitled to fucking share a barbell with me. Honestly dude. 

And please keep calling me a dyel."
I’m tryna look like you someday bro
"Looking fantastic bro congratulations, what’s your weight currently? I ask because you look more like 12 weeks, good job man💪"
"Yeah nice ass, but what about Joe?"
Yeah I’ll focus on muscle first since if I have more muscle it would look way better when I’m losing the fat afterwards
“For now” like levrone is going to bring up his lagging body parts now lol
The socks also gives a special touch.
"I think he will win again. IMO once he adds some more size to his legs he will
Be the most aesthetic Mr. O to date."
This is what’s playing as your eternal soul plummets into hell
We need a strongman next to an NBA player
"Lol what, yes Dexter quit at 51, did you see his package at 51? Also, Levrone lost for a variety of reasons...not just because his legs lacked the condition. At one point your body will give out, some stop in their 40s while some can continue on.   There's only so much Shawn can do before his gives out."
"Looking good, if you’re looking for critiques I would say your chest is lagging slightly"
"Unfortunately it is too late. It’s ok tho. I played soccer, had a Dunkin’ Donuts power breakfast sandwich, sushi, and Mahi Mahi with asparagus and mashed potatoes. Shouldnt be too harmful"
"OK, don't know who took the jelly out of your doughnut. I was just commenting on the style of shorts he wears. They'd be perfect for the Physique division IMO"
"Haha if kamali beat Ronnie I think they would have! https://youtu.be/2mUyVkrCiW0

I knew I remembered triple h being involved"
"well, the other guy told him to go with lower deficit, so he's swapping chicken with the higher calorie pork

but I agree, chicken &gt; pork \#MuslimBros"
Thank you! I had a mental breakdown and then got an actual posing coach lol
Wow. Missed that. Poor cycle protocols probably
Even if the gym was practically empty and he ended up doing straight arm push downs on the lat pull down instead of using one of 6 available cables?
You look great especially the quads.
"If I can hit 10 x 3 for a certain exercise, say 10 sets of 3 squats @ 275, would it better to just move up and try to do 10 sets of 3 at 285 (for all 10 sets), or break it down so I do 9 x 3 @ 275, 1 x 3 @ 285, then if I can do that - move up to 8 x 3 @ 275, 2 x 3 @ 285, etc. and repeat over and over for the rest of my life"
"It is his structure, his legs have a weird shape to them, good quad sweep but the terminal ends of the muscle heads look small so his quads look more oval rather than an aesthetic bottom heavy shape."
"I just posted asking how fake Instagram is and a few of you said that lighting and angle and editing they do makes them look so much better.

I decided to check on myself without the editing part just changing lights and angles. And lol it's a big difference. 

Stats: 18yo 5""10 180lbs 2 years lifting. And damn Imgur really messes up quality.

All: https://imgur.com/a/ldhyV6p"
Chamillionaire has some fresh songs
Guy must have some balls to criticize others in a gym...
"I have a buddy who has always had trouble with exercising. The dude probably averaged about 500-1000 steps a day at his worst.

One day I ran into him at the gym, which hadn’t happened *ever* in years of going to the same gym. I sneak up to the treadmill next to him and give him a snarky “sup dude?!” He smiles bright and big and me and goes “DUDE, I figured out if I only let myself watch anime at the gym I’ll actually go!” I look down and he has DBZ going on his phone and two hours clocked on the treadmill.

I had to go to tho other side of the gym because couldn’t process what just happened in front of me."
Hahaha yeah I was trying to think of a reason to do it but I couldn’t think of a good one
"Depends on how much fatigue I have, usually I'll do the elliptical or if I have more energy, indoor cycling, as well as at least 10k steps daily. If you have no joint issues running is great, you can burn a shit ton of calories in little time and it's really enjoyable!"
Yeah the greek yogurt would be rough. Idk I've heard good things about stevia
The indifference of nothingness
Awesome man! What dedication.
Feathered triceps in the second shot. Wow.
You love lifting less?
What did you think of rythm of war?
"Fouad podcast, amazing content man check it out"
"/u/aaa19900 WHAT THE FUCK MARTIN 

He deleted his account guys."
"wow that sounds confusing with all that ""point five"" and ""point six"" nonsense"
That's one of Kostoffs positions (the idiot that wrote the first paper you cited)
Thanks brah! :D
Thanks for the confidence boost lol
"Oh my bad, thought this was another ""took the bulk too far"" instance."
Looks like he’s on just nasal cannula so he must’ve improved.
"Take this stupid shit to r/gainit for the idiots who can't work out how to eat. Like, just eat a fucking slice of bread instead"
"Of course, I've always been honest, which is tricky as if you're not 250 shredded people think you could achieve it natty.

Thank you, yeah that's the plan, need lat width and arm size to counteract shitty insertions on both fronts"
"read the fitness wiki dude

the entire thing

https://thefitness.wiki/"
"Damn that lat spread and back, loókin sharp, keep at it dude!"
DMAA might make his migraines even worse if caffeine gives him migraines lol. But that stuff is god send for pre
Like? I was doing it on empty stomach
Care to share the recipe?
If you leave it in the sun for three days it become brotein hummus. It's like meal prep or something.
"You look great, but could use a bit more mass on your triceps and calves."
"No I knew you were congratulating the bot, I’m just saying this homie stole your congratulations post lol."
I fucking laughed out loud
Definitely will do classic.
That vacuum and waist. Good job.
Definitely
"Sometimes I imagine ridiculous scenarios that make me laugh. There's a couple of lifting-related ones I came up with:

1. Guy who takes his own barbell to the gym every day that looks like a real Olympic bar but only weighs 25-30 lbs. Yes, someone would go through all that effort just to look like he's lifting 15-20 more lbs than he actually is.

2. Guy on a bodybuilding forum/subreddit repeatedly posts pics of his scale showing how much he weighs, but never posts pictures of his physique, or even proof that it's him standing on the scale without holding something to inflate his weight. Brags about weighing X number of pounds, but his actual weight, physique, and body composition is a mystery."
Thank you! :)
Wtf 😬
"Yes but it’s a double edged sword, you don’t want too much bulk"
I feel like since gyms re-opened some people have forgotten basic rules of gym etiquette... sigh.
"Anyone else just love running an excerise until you can't get anything more out of it? I'll do the same session twice a week for back and chest days, and just change the rep ranges back and fourth ever workout and I'll continue like this until I can't progress in any way and then sub the excerise and repeat."
"Have strong DOMS on my hammies, was jerking it and flexed them real hard when I came and it felt so weird, kind of like cramps but different and now they hurt more than before, can barely walk. 

The feeling is slowly going away which is good."
"Thats the plan! No side chest shots, but Ill probably throw some up next time I take some physique pics. Ive messed around with 300 test/ 500 tren, sides were fucked and felt like I was winded just from eating. Dosed again at 500 test/500 tren, aggression was amplified and I would get pissed just going to the market for groceries. Then switched to what Ive been on for the past 3 weeks at 750 test/300 tren MWF pinning schedule and Ive liked it a lot tbf. All the benefits of the tren without feeling like Im dying and side effects are very mild."
Took the 12 kg dumbbells.
"Beast and pretty similar but Flex is far superior in the core area as far as abs and serratus.

Flex’s quads are also a bit more defined and deeper cuts.

But as stated by Op #TwoLegends"
Looking like a young Debbie D'Andrea
200mg in a single cup? No sir.
"I don't care about my own health. I'm over the top healthy and the chances of covid doing anything serious to me are very low.

I do however care very much about other people's health, especially my parents'.

This is what egomaniacs like you don't understand. 
Do you even realize, that the mask is not there to protect you, but to protect others from you?"
"Same bro, don’t think that super freaky look is appealing at all. Would hate for that to be the future"
Being blunt you are overweight. All your issues stem from being overweight (why tf would u do liposuction). The answer to your questions are you are in a surplus. Your chest will look much much better at lower body fats. Count your calories and eat less and you'll get the results you want.
Haha without a doubt
"You realize you're arguing with an IFBB Pro, right? About bodybuilding competitions?"
Good idea thanks! Do you think 2x every 8 days is too low of a freq? Think this jump to 2x every 5 days will help?
Dang bro I’m so sorry. That sounds awful!
Awesome! Do you lose armpit fat too or never had?
Fuark bro Sagat scar + Ryu physique = nice work. Glad you made it
"My personal take. His upper body is top tier, and completely overshadows his not great legs. I think the pics are new, and I think his legs are still incredibly weak compared to the rest of his physique."
"I thought he was well known and liked. But I get my bodybuilding bews from here and YouTube, I don't have any other social media accounts. Thought the GoFundMe was strange since he's always saying how rich he is living in the big ""metropolis"" of Scottsdale."
"Fucking right. 

Good God I already said no. I don't drink I'm not going to now stop asking"
Thanks brotha
"It’s hard to tell with the higher BF %. You’ll definitely know by 6-8 weeks out if you have enough mass to win. 

I still encourage to compete regardless! It’ll be a good experience and will provide a good off-season. 

Best of luck!"
"Lower weight and focus on form. Find movements that feel comfortable for you. If you are feeling pain don’t force it.

I’d cable tricep extensions feel good, stick with that. Maybe see if the overhead variation brings any pain. Play it on the safe side with elbows tbh."
u got no protein in that diet bro
"Shit like that always makes me fall back on ol reliable


“If you haven’t licked the sweat off my balls I don’t give a shit”

You can rephrase that however you want I’ll allow it"
"Interesting. Yea it’s my first program, but not my first time working out as I’ve been working out for years, but I had to get on a better diet and program to get the better results that I desire, so would you still recommend sticking to 4?"
Control the weight or suffer fears like this!
"Dumbbell curls, plate curls, milk jug curls, find a big rock and curl that, sandbag curls. Literally anything man, be creative."
"Gotta use a laser, or just drag a deadlift across it, if it can remove my shin skin it can certainly do a wart."
"It’s because clearly he doesn’t give a fuck about the sport. Dude doesn’t even look like he touches the gym, just found a gap in the market that he happily plugged."
The calves make me so happy
"Ill give ya an upvote, i dont use pwo either dont find much difference except jittery and itchy lol caffeine pills never did much either for me."
Glad to hear good news
Have you been told that or do you just want attention on social media?
Any cutting/ fat loss tips for the the Average gym goer you can share?
thank Arnold
He was like a motivational speaker but without the motivation
"good question lmao. I'm not bothering trying to understand, just gonna power through and do my own thing."
"You made the post comparing a strongman to a “bodybuilder”, one who doesn’t compete in the sport, but you don’t like hypotheticals 😂

Your post is a “could,would,should”"
He's probably just jealous because his GF keeps looking at the real men and wishing she wasn't with a fat slob.
I think I wish I was young again.
Idk probably
How long ago was it? And gotta save that video to show people what it takes to grow big legs. Too many people not pushing it nearly enough and wondering why they’re legs are small
Sadly for now i dont have a spotter but especially in dumbbell press the last rep is me dropping the weights or pushing it with all my life. Ofcourse with spotter helping me several kilos i can make 2-3 more reps but by myself m really sure im on the limit. I cant say the same about benchpress because im alone i dont risk a lot incase of me getting stuck under the bar.
"It does, thank you!"
"Man, in the US they will ruin your life. As evidenced by the Melissa Bumstead arrest. I know more than a few people that are felons and have even served time because they got busted with gear."
No you need a requisition sheet that tells them what tests to run.
"Getting defensive and using ""2 years of training"" as an excuse is not a very good one. There are guys who pick up weights for the first time and are on Pro stages after only 3-4 years of training. If you post a picture, expect criticism, trolls, and hate. I see you posting on this forum a lot, you raise a lot of interesting conversation. You post great content on the forum but when it comes to your comments... They seem a little immature and rash. If you post a pic and someone criticizes you on reddit of all places.... don't attack and make assumptions about their body.  Quit lifting weight unproductively and pick up a fricken book. There is a book called ""The art of debate"" It will help you have these conversations without making it personal. Keep posting though, as i have said I enjoy the controversial debate, Just not a fan of the childish insults."
how low is a slight increase press
"Looking really good, you back isn't weak by any means its hard to explain,  but the way your doing the back double bi pose is not showing off your back to its strengths for example like your side triceps is really emphasising your upper body and maximising your body parts as a whole"
Sick! Training split? Ever train 2x a day?
"He would get devoured like a chicken strip tossed in a doggie daycare

Plus his health issues

He is exactly where needs to be"
"Haha I might try it soon- not ran since I finally hit my 5k goal time a few months ago, but the weather is good so why not."
"If his abs were a bit more symmetrical, yes. Just my opinion. Then again, it's just genetics"
"You look solid, but you lack a lot of size and also your conditioning was way off. You look 2 months out."
Great post brazen. Well said
Is this Cbum fan page?
His legs aren’t good anyway tho. It’s underdevelopment too
"Better than the usual shit of people salivating over Bumstead, complaining about how open-class BBers are gross, and asking ridiculous questions that could be answered by a 30 second google search. The active competitors are here are pretty cool, I like seeing their updates."
"About a year if you go easy, proper diet(I wouldn’t go under 300 cal deficit) and lift regularly. I was 226 at 6’3 and it took me about 10months to get down to 188 once I fixed my nutrition."
"You know that feeling when you have a sore throat but you're not sick yet, but you know it's coming and deadlifts tomorrow are gonna be awful?  That's where I'm currently at."
"Goochmas, I like what you’re thinking but my clippers don’t have any levels to them.. it seems like it’s all or nothing"
"Me:I love stim-free preworkout! I can’t imagine myself going back to using that caffeinated crap.

Also me:FUUUUUCK I NEED TO WASH DOWN SOME TOTAL WAR WITH A CAN OF BANG"
"Jesus buddy you're going to hurt yourself trying to do 3 plates for the simple sake of doing 3 plates after already fatiguing yourself. 

But congrats either way, because you *technically* still stood back up lol. It's tough when you're so close to a new PR/milestone to not just throw the plates on there and just fucking go for it."
His face looks like how I picture his heart when he's flexing.
"Bruh I'm pickling shit now. Brussel sprouts and green beans. What else should one pickle? The possibilities are endless... ENDLESS

&amp;#x200B;

ENDLESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS"
"I mean, someone like that would obviously be a fabulous employee"
"Who knows, felt like a lot shearing force, like using way too much weight on a leg extension."
"So, straight up taking testosterone for bodybuilding is illegal in the United States. Neither the professionals in this sub, or over in /r/steroids, will give you a source on where to get gear on the open forum as this is illegal where many of the active posters live.   


What you will want to do is to check out one of the many TRT clinics that are open in the country. They are EVERYWHERE in California, and a lot of them advertise online. All of them will have you do blood-work first so they can get a baseline of your free testosterone, total test, estradiol, thyroid, cholesterol, and liver values, along with other metabolic markers. The more shady of the clinics may only do a hormone panel. Be wary of those. All exogenous testosterone will impact your cholesterol, as HDL cholesterol is one of the precursors for building testosterone in our bodies. (Someone with more biochem in their history may want to correct me on that if I'm wrong.) This should be followed up by a Skype or Zoom call with a doctor who will go over your values and personal history and decide on your therapeutic dosage.   


Good luck!"
"&gt; As you excel in the program, you work your way from Tier 5 to Tier 1.  Each Tier comes with immediate benefits all the way to Tier 1, being signed as a paid Elite REDCON1 Athlete Ambassador.

he gets a salary from redcon1 so hes kind of a big deal no idea what /u/jackslat is bitching about lol

https://tieroperator.com/ranks/"
does anyone else feel like leg press is a meme
..... what in the actual fuck is this 😂
"I'm reminded of an old article on ""the hell of becoming a Victoria's Secret angel"", detailing the (supposedly grueling) exercise and diet regimen of someone who models for VS. According to the article, those women put in less effort in the gym and in the kitchen for their 6 figure jobs than I do for my hobby, which I pursue on top of my regular 40 hours/week job. Normies just want excuses."
Bruh everytime I send a moderately important email
"Being stronger and wealthier isn't something to knock, bro."
"No, with a mental health professional"
Like my body still feels sores the next day! I feel groggy going to the gym and feel really irritated and tired.
I could look like that.. if I wanted too.  😞
I'm saying you should comment that make sure she sees it then block her
Folks like to confuse swelling with gains
Crazy how the only difference between a swoll beast and a normie is how you spend those 1-2 hrs a day and how you choose to eat. Spend 1-2 hrs a day at the gym or spend those 1-2 hours watching another two episodes of netflix. To get jacked tan and juicy or to not to get jacked tan and juicy - shakespeare
"Ehhh honestly idk man. His upper body is pretty decent, wide ass back, but he’s got loooong insertions in his legs that make it really hard to get a sweep even at that size. Hamstrings and calves are severely lacking. Not knocking the guy of course, he’s a beast, but his lines and shape...should have stayed in classic IMO."
"No, it's not on me to decide that. But if you ask me who's opinion matters more, it's going to be the person who has the most qualification to give one. What my coach tells me matters more. I'm going to listen to Neil DeGrasse Tyson talk about physics before I listen to a first year physics major. I'm going to listen to my doctor or physical therapist before I listen to some random commenter on reddit.

Like I said, matter of qualification. That's not just ""on me to decide,"" everyone should have the critical thinking skills to say hmmmm, am I going to listen to someone on reddit or am I going to listen to the doctor who just did a CT scan on my shoulder? Same principle."
"Yeah probably, but his body fat %, lean muscle mass and how he looks in a tank wasn’t what I was attracted to and it’s still not. I do think he’s an attractive man, but he’s also passionate, he is confident, he has incredible worth ethic in and out of the gym, there is more to him than bodybuilding and his muscle mass. If he told me tomorrow he didn’t want to do body building anymore I’d support him that, just like I support him in bodybuilding. I don’t factor his sport into my attraction to him. I wasn’t that attracted to him when we met, the man wore me down.he could’ve dated and married any one of the handful of young girls that go to our gym that go specifically to date guys with more defined muscles."
Strong 💪
"Isolate is pretty rubbish for desserts, it just clumps together so you can't mix it properly."
"You look fantastic, great work."
Physique is such a joke like hes that big but wearing swim trunks i will never get it. This was suppose to be for semi regular looking guys right? Now it's just for ppl with classic upper body and no legs
"Lose fat, they will show."
"Can you blame me, the gym is my happy place lol 

Nothing like blasting my favorite music and working out hard af"
Yeah it seems like it would work the front delts more than anything
by friends he means people in the r/bb DD
I love a good lights out dose of melatonin.
Ugly as fuck
"Yes. 

It’s happened with the original h1n1 strand in 1918-1920 known as the Spanish flu. 

The Black Death was not the bubonic plague. It killed so fast that they didn’t know what was going on. The bubonic plague. And I’m sure before that there were many others.

Honestly the flu is a huge cause of death in the world still, and before modern medicine would wipe out entire people groups. 

A worldwide pandemic is very real. Covid has already killed hundreds of millions of Americans in a year alone."
"Weighed 191.6 today. I started my cut Aug 31 of this year at 222.4 pounds. Pretty stoked with my progress, averaging around 0.4 pounds lost a day

It’s weird because around 1-2 years ago I did a similar cut from 225 to 195 but then my mental health went to shit and I gained all the weight back.

Lesson learned for myself: this time around I’m going to keep weighing myself every morning even after I end my cut because it’s so easy for me to lie to myself and think that I’m not putting on pounds, especially when depression hits like a truck, I start skipping the gym, and diet gets out of control"
Always regret not starting in my teens. Fuck swimming i should've add mass at that age
ty!!
"I'm honestly starting to care less and less about the restrictions.  

Here I am, having socially distanced for months on end despite politics in this country having shit all over me as a young person and student with a complete lack of established concepts of home schooling, even until now, and even having imposed regulations that were mainly aimed at restricting young people such as mandatory curfews at night.    

And on top of that I have waited all the way until yesterday to get fully vaccinated despite supposedly being prioritized due to my medical history but of course my country's equivalent of the CDC removed the vaccine prioritization months before there was any hint of adequate vaccine supply to vaccinate the majority of people that fall in that bracket.  

And now because of conspiracy believing idiots that refuse to get vaccinated I'm supposed to go back into lockdown and have my life be massively restricted again?  
It's a massively shitty situation for those people that can't be vaccinated but fuck me, if you wanna get sick and choke on your own lungs disintegrating then you should have the bloody right to do so and stop interfering with those of us that don't base their world view on made up conspiracy lunacies."
"People tend to assume bodybuilder = dumb. My husband has been at events and asked what he does as a hobby, he says bodybuilding, they treat him so different like he can’t comprehend difficult concepts. It happened at a medical conference where the people he talked to questioned him on why he was there. They found out when he got onstage to do his lecture 😂"
Good stuff my guy!
why do you post the same shit every single day asking the same exact question? I swear youre the long lost twin of that french guy who is 4% BF year round and complains about no sex drive
Damn that sucks to miss him! Does he make regular stops by there? Or what was the occassion?
I wish I could go back to many moons ago when I first picked up the Arnold Encyclopedia and had the feeling that everyone’s face was photoshopped onto a b/w Greek statue.
~~I remember my first vasectomy like it was just yesterday...~~
Good job homie you are doing right by yourself.
"Yeah we get a few triple digit days per year

  they are more rare on the westside of course, they happen pretty regularly on the east side of the Cascades

  Heat pump in my house and AC in the garage for me"
"there's no way to actually calculate it. you can approximate it, obviously. just stay consistent with your diet... if you're not losing weight, eat less."
"The fact that this is the best shot he had to post, under every circumstance immediate to him (pump, lighting, angles). This was his best take. And he looks outstanding by our standards but compared to Olympia competitors he looks alright. On stage, he wouldn't be given the same benefits of photography either. Then considering he'd need to fiercely cut to show shape for a competition, and inevitably lose tissue; his performance would be moot."
[My current favorite training album](https://open.spotify.com/album/3p08PfwMs0z5FdRSuBpmmU?si=Jzeusea6TCKBvBjzTGHxCA) for your enjoyment
Yes! Returning plates is my cardio
Ah. Good to know
I'd love to bust during workouts
"Lol, in 2018 he was in classic physique, so unless he was around 250 in classic then sure. But that’s not the case."
"He commonly gives the worst advice based in sTuDiEs to dudes way bigger than him, gets in the stupidest fights with people, and is so adamant in his positions yet never post physique. We still waiting for him to. 

He also regularly wipes his history over and over and over."
Truth is in here
Killed chest and back and proceeded to eat 2 Taylor pork roll egg and cheese on bagel sandwiches and a blueberry muffin. Nice
I think scars are cool
Lol
Eat healthy food and lift weights everyday. Do not concern yourself with weight fluctuations. You are in the beginning phase of a long term process.
"If a bicep is torn off the bone completely it usually looks normal after the healing procedure. But other than that you can usually recognize that the bicep isn't shaped like the other one and it often looks like a small part is somewhat missing. Isn't always the case tho , you can be either lucky or doomed."
"I agree. Now I’m wondering if *anyone* in the DD cuts like this lmao. I think Andy (I can’t find the article or passage anymore) justifies it by saying the target he gives will likely be around your deficit *after* adjusting it multiple times, and he states to just get right to the point."
"Thank you, plankton1408, for voting on Shakespeare-Bot.

This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://botrank.pastimes.eu/).

***

^(Even if I don't reply to your comment, I'm still listening for votes. Check the webpage to see if your vote registered!)"
You absolutely most certainly do not need clen to get from 13% to 10% or under body fat. There are only a few cases where you could justify using clen and that is in contest prep at the elite level and even then it's horrifically toxic
"Thanks for the advice, I appreciate it"
"TFW leg day so savage you’re still contemplating life and the workout you just did 2 hours after it’s finished. 

Keep grinding hard everyone🦾"
Because the serving size is like 5 grams so the sugar is &lt;1g and they round down.
"Comeon man, you gotta be smarter than this."
"Get really lean, carb up, find good lighting, get a pump, take 500000000000 pics, go back to bulking."
I got it like 5 months ago and it still works first hand!👌
Great comment right here
Unpopular opinion: bicep pumps are the worst kind of pump. Feels like my arm is going to explode everytime
"Glad to hear man, bet that once you're back on a normal routine your performance will go up again. And that's a solid plan, with some more muscle you'll be more than ready to step on stage."
Such good music to lift to hypes me up and responsible for so many PRs gonna do the same tomorrow and i got deads
You body line is awesome bro!!!! Good luck on your show!!!
Don't mention it. You already have a great base. Looks like you could have a promising future in the Wellness Division. Keep up the hard work!
When i slide my hand down my arm its like these hard lumps have formed what could they be. I've been lifting  pretty consistently again for a few months
May have to try to increase in the future. Already at2.2 cups for meal 2-3 and 1.5 for meals 4-5
Fair it was 80g carbs and 40g fat
"Pretty much. 4-5 is no issue at all. I usually naturally wake up after about 5 hours, maybe 5.5 and after that I'm immediately just wide awake.
If I somehow force myself to sleep longer, which is pretty damn hard, I just feel like absolute utter shit all day.
31 now but I seemed to suddenly adapt to this around 25"
"I grew up on cheerios, they're like little circles of dissapointment in a bowl lololol you had me at reeses puffs though"
I have to be super careful with lunges or else there’s a small pain in my left knee. All of this started two weeks ago before that it was chill. At least my form is on point now
"Oh true. I thought I would've gotten vaccinated by now, not sure when it'll be enforced(military). I definitely feel old compared to my teens/early 20s, but I still feel like I have some potential"
Yes. Just sayin I haven’t felt leg soreness in a while so it felt cool. Definitely understand that it doesn’t mean anything by listening to you guys (:
Yeah it seems the price point jumps substantially at the next tier. At least I won’t be worried to bench heavy on the new one like I am currently
Cialis and viagra increase vasodialation everywhere in the body. So it can give better pumps and more vascularity. That’s how you can «see» it
Does anyone else get wicked brain fog if you have sugar free redbull? I had a couple yesterday throught the day and brain function went to 0 until an hour into gym session.
"I really like MRE LITE (redcon)
Its entirely made from animal proteins as well as pea protein etc.

I also can't do whey, so i use this and its great."
"I’ve used nair multiple times, and I’m fine with it. NAIR is way faster than a razor."
I hate getting bicep pumps from brushing me teeth so early in the morning. The gear use makes some pumps crazy. Wait until you normies get on gear and have to deal with literally quality-of-life-changing debilitating shin pumps or lower back pumps.
Spare any gains? Spare....spare any gains?
Agreed!
"Oh shit, I didn't even think of that. Better start lookin up pics of old naked dudes as my part of my pre-workout"
"Honestly if you start some shit with him and get him to break a rule or two/push you, people probably wouldn't even care, I'm sure everyone else hates him too"
"Yes.... you’re acting like he’s some guy with average genetics that just takes a ton of gear. Neither of those are even close to being true.

It’s not really something you can “disagree” on, it’s facts.

It’s like saying i disagree that being 6’6” means you’re taller than most people"
"No as that would go to Dorian Yates and Tom Platz, they had way more than just beast quads."
u/WalnutBlast is this true
"Dude, you will go through hell but it's the real deal.  I remember my 6mo of hell."
Inflamed lol. Still working on healing some bad patellar tendonitis but they're leaning out along with the glutes. I had a picture a couple weeks ago so the same as that but a bit leaner
"Am I the only one that hates vacuums? I get they’re impressive and all, but abs flexed looks SO much better"
"Yeah, no shit"
"Amazing shape and size homie! Just lean a bit forward to show off the traps!

Best of luck!"
Fuck Vegan Gains
All the best comedians steal their jokes.
Hoooooooooly fuck!
Ugly abs tbh
Even more impressive considering you built them with a home gym. Most people struggle with actual calf equipment lol.
"If I want to workout without weights, what are the best exercises?"
"eh it seems pretty basic, maybe add some intensity techniques such as dropsets on the leg extension or cluster sets with the calf raise. you could start with leg curls first like john meadows recommends, it feels great. maybe throw in a stiff legg deadlift somewhere in the routine. also why not follow a pre made program with no squats scheduled?"
"This look like an awful picture of CBum, something is really off."
Ty
"Haha wow; I never knew who this guy was, but I thought this was a photoshopped picture trying to make it look like Matt Damon got insanely jacked for his next movie role or some shit.

Is it just me or is there a seriously strong resemblance there?"
I have this fear (which I know is probably stupid and irrational) that if I don't go really hard in the gym and I'm not pretty sore the next day then I didn't do enough and I'm not making progress. Just scared of being a pussy.
Damn nephew. Why you gotta do Ben dirty like that haha.
"Yeah that's definitely the best way to put it, just telling myself I'm a fat fucking whale keeps me on my shit lmfao. 

And yes, test only scouts honor 🖖 lol. 

Honestly the amount of reading and research I've done thus far over a test only cycle is enough to keep me from adding other fun stuff into the mix.






For now......lmao"
"That's a true statement my friend, but even eating right and deleting sugar at my age my metabolism doesn't seem to agree with me."
I don’t get it lol she just looks normal?
"Not exactly old, and I'm a bit biased since he's my coach's coach, but I would add Nick Gloff to the list. He's a guy from Matt Jansen's team, and puts out quite interesting deeper analysis of exercises, workout structure and such (only in IG I think)."
"Honestly not pushing the most weight so it doesnt need to be hulk proof, thanks"
Thanks
It’s actually so disgusting cause I used to compete natty and you’re about to compete in a natty show juiced out your fucking ass. So pathetic bro lmaoo I hope you realize that
Thank you man. I appreciate that.
Thanks 🙏🏻
Cbum honestly didn't look much different form last year.
"No, take 5 grams a day"
"&gt;Sorry about the gyno :/ will fix when I get the money.

[Have you considered this?](https://youtu.be/KZ63hPbsVcY) But also don't do this"
"its so silly that we have to read this shit every day 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbpNHCJJf_Y"
"Holy shit man you're in for a world of trouble.

For starters, 10 weeks isn't quite long enough for a test-only cycle. At the absolute VERY least you need 12 weeks, but beginners should go up to 16-20 weeks in order to learn how to properly dial their hormone levels in.

Secondly, steroids literally don't fucking work if your diet and programming isn't 100% spot on. You're literally going to waste money, waste time, and suppress your natural testosterone production all because you don't know how to eat properly when on blast.

Third, that TS-400 blend is fucking retarded. Seriously, blends like this (or sustanon) are made to be marketable and/or to attract ignorant people who think ""wow this has all kinds of testosterone in it, it must be better!"" which is so far from the truth that it's not even funny.

For the steroid bros who are curious about the blend: 

- Test deco 200mg
- Test isocaporate 30 mg
- Test Phenylproprionte 40mg
- Test Propionate 30mg
- Test Cyp 50 mg
- Test Enanthate 50mg

This is literally the most retarded test blend I've ever seen, it's worse than Sustanon. Why would they combine Cyp and E esters when they're the same god damn thing? Why would they take a SUPER long acting ester and combine it with a super short-acting ester?

OP go to steroidplotter.com and look how long it takes each of these esters to saturate. Your hormones are going to fluctuate so much and because of the prop and phenylprop esters you'll still need to inject every single day for stable levels. 

I hope other new guys are reading this because this is what happens when you don't do your research, blindly order something online without knowing a god damn thing about it, and then try to think you can use steroids as a shortcut despite the fact that you don't even know what your macros should look like.

You're probably going to ignore this advice and use it anyways, you might even reply with something defensive like new guys always do, but you're literally going to get terrible acne, you might get gyno, you're going to get edema and retain water and look all bloated and fat, and your e2 fluctuating is going to make you moody as fuck. You're going to go through all of that for literally no benefit at all. 

Did you even decide if you wanted to PCT after your tiny little 10 weeks are up? Did you know that some of those esters are so long that you can't just stop taking it and start PCT'ing right away? Do you even know what PCT is?

Go to /r/steroids and read the wiki, go to the beginner's section where they talk about what your first cycle should be like."
"""You'll have a brighter future! A much shorter future, probably gonna die a few decades earlier, but it will definitely be bright! for a little while!"""
I didnt even think of that haha
Something like he wishes she was his girl.
I'm not sure why this wouldn't be allowed...I was taking all the suggestions to look for stuff for my son. I hope it's not taken down!!
Oh fuck I'm on week 6 right now
I love oatmeal but I’ve never had cream of rice. Lately I’ve just been making white rice with a tablespoon of coconut oil cooked into it because I have a ton of rice right now.
"Yeah, I don't think he'll even get compared to Nick in NY."
"Looks don't really matter &amp; being that you're here chances are you're somewhat fit.

I had a friend that is pretty objectively attractive, has a full beard &amp; thick hair, nice car, good job, etc. but is a massive tool &amp; always has been. It's exactly why, as far as I know, he's never had a gf.

I have another friend that's overweight, balding, life not really going places. Dude has women over at his place all the goddamn time; he's definitely slept around. Some women are average, some I can't believe agreed to fuck em. He's a generally ok dude, funny as fuck. It's all about personality bro."
Just got two 2.2 bags of myprotein for 32$. Nice.
"Looking great, good luck on your show!"
"This happens a lot on reddit you get weird initialisms that arent actually used in real life and with barely enough context.

I saw in another thread about the new black widow movie, the quote was something like ""Oh yeah, I remember her from TFATWS""

And my brain like short circuited for a second before trying to figure it out. Doesnt help that ""The Falcon and the Winter Soldier"" wasn't mentioned earlier in the comment chain at all either."
Thank you
Don’t waste your time man no way this kid is older than 15-16
"Good call, it’s good at first but I couldn’t have it all the time."
"They are annoyed because dude claims he's natty when he's clearly not. He's on a bb sub, so he should just admit he's juicing and move along. It's people like OP that give people unrealistic expectations about what they can achieve. Then he just says ""you're not trying hard enough"", ""I'm 100% natty"" you gotta do xyz. It's dishonest is what it is. Literally no one cares if he juices but people don't like it when you lie about something totally obvious. Definitely has an ego."
"You know what sir,  I like the way you think"
"Higher test, better response to test better symmetry, better looking muscle bellies, etc."
Good to know 🙂
It’s not bad but annoying and getting worse so a rest is all I can do
Lmao
"He is awesome. I'm a young casual follower of bodybuilding, and his videos analysing past  contests (including ones that happened before I was born) are great."
"snowboarding is fucking awesome man. great cardio too, if you’re really pushing it. jumps really go to town on your quads.

it’s why i’ll always live within 100 miles of the canadian border."
"I'm contemplating cut #2 for the year but idk if it's even worth it.  I'm not shredded right now by any means, but I'm also not fat, and by the time I make any reasonable progress it'll be September."
"&gt;3 weeks until my homophobic ass trump-sucking roommates

This sounds like it could be a reality show: producers put you in contrived situations like you and your boyfriend in bed in the middle of the day when everyone's home and then Karen and crew are at the door yelling and screaming that you're being too loud fucking or something or how it's anti-jesus or whatever the fuck the they have written in the script. lol"
Yeah Jay Cutler and Kali Muscle lift at my gym. So does the rock and dan bilzerian when he’s in town. There’s a bunch of big names. It’s vegas.
Thank you!
"That “honey” browser thingy got me like 20% off. It’s definitely expensive but I like Derek’s full breakdown of it, no blends. If you want a laugh look at Herbalife “pre workout”. It’s $87 USD and underdosed as fuck."
"Nice one, I’ll take it into account :D"
"Congrats, onwards and upwards."
"Solid structure and shape, good balance and symmetry..really just good all around. Only thing I’d say is your frame just needs more density and size, but it’s got great potential. Just a few things posing wise, your legs are fairly far apart when hitting your BDB, and doing that makes your legs look like they lack depth from the rear when you actually have pretty good hamstrings/adductors(that are decently dug out as well). Bring your feet closer together and turn your right foot out more to really squeeze that glute and hamstring and make them pop more. There’s a few other things I could nitpick but the way you pose your lower from the rear is the biggest thing you can improve and instantly make your legs look a lot bigger and better from the rear."
"Yeah compounds are impossible.  I switched to bodypart training and rehab for 2 years. I'm old, fat, slow, and on tramadol and celebrex. But I'm not a cripple or on opiates. So proceed as if you mean to be in the game for the long haul."
Impressive.  Perfect human body.
"Been taking my time of unemployment as an opportunity to finish making my house feel livable and not just like a massive bachelor cave.  Buying furniture sucks ass.  Every single couch is either ugly as fuck or not remotely comfortable, often also expensive as fuck for good measure.  Then when I find something that might work, there's a 90% chance I can't fit it down my stairs.

This is more frustrating than my job was."
Alright thank you! This actually means a lot fr. Just trying to figure out what I need to do
I don't understand why everyone's disagreeing with you when you clearly meant endgame Thor right?
It’s like comparing lee priest to your average 6foot tall gymbro
My best friend just told me that she didn’t put food in the fridge at work today because there’s a doctor there who eats other people’s foods. Management has been told and they don’t do anything
"&gt; Violate the dress code

I've never heard of them! These look awesome!"
"I'd be alright with pinning for the rest of my life, I could think of a lot worse things. I tend to hyper focus and I'm ready to make the commitment. I'm also the type not to push new compounds in a ""need more, so close to goal"" type of mind set. I know my end goal is not achievable naturally but I'm also patient and trust the process."
"Great question, my back posing definitely needs work"
I'm sorry. I'll try better.
"Holy shit i just found out a friend of mine had a max bench of 120 kg for like 15 reps, for some reason this just killed my motivation. I feel fucking pathetic, instead of bieng happy for the guy im just staring at my slow ass progress and thinking it doesnt even matter anymore if he can bench that much."
I know I love bodybuilding bc I get genuinely excited when I buy a new sauce. I got this peach hot sauce and it’s delicious
no I don’t want any miracle or cannabis gummies!!!
Suck his dick for the he brotein
No doubt this guy does too
Birthday 🍑 back day for sure bb
"You ain’t a hard gainer, you just run too much.. 
probably find it easier to do something like a push/pull/legs split 3x a week and do your running 2-3x. Have at least one off day so you can recover, after leg day would be best because running with leg soreness sounds horrible"
Yeah i am definitely not advocating porn here due to its addictive properties . Should be porn free edging then .
If he’s got a good back I can see him winning some big titles
"Should have said cause sorry, yeah you’re right, clearly muscle imbalance, but how could this be improved?"
Wow ! Great progress !
"Man, I wish I was an animal (as goggins would say) or just had some sort of extreme drive when it comes to college and productivity. Like I wish I could spend 24/7 just going to the gym, studying or going to work but I fucking get tired and quit :(((( also the part where I have 0 self fulfilment or happiness."
If they look even a fraction as good as your upper body then I'm sure you're doing just fine!
Yeah it’s depressing. Going from feeling like a beast to a noodle.
I’ve done this before and it works pretty well for pure memorization stuff or something that you need to be able to repeat really clearly. All of my classes just assign a bunch of papers and all that so memorization tactics don’t help me much right now so I don’t do it anymore.
If you are like most people and have a sensitivity to sugar alcohols such as Molitol (Molitol Cocktail) don’t go near it. It’s used in some SF candies and will F your world up! If you don’t believe me read the reviews for Haribo SF Gummy Bears on Amazon. I’ve learned the hard way. All I can say is thank God I ate them on an empty stomach or that road trip would’ve been a nightmare!
"OP just went kamikaze, lmfao."
"YEAH, BUDDY!!"
"Fankhouser had nasty legs and calves as you can see here.

Real amateur back though, which let him down significantly."
"Hopefully not just once a day, because that's amateur level"
Being sore only means you did something your body isn't used to. It doesn't mean your workout wasn't productive
Yes I did fairly recently before I started it
"Idk if it's lighting or what, but the back symmetry from left to right seems off?"
Amazing physique and symmetry
"Hahaha yeah, back when i started lifting i legit thought that was the reason he was huge"
"There is no peer reviewed actual science to support not taking the vaccine. There is no peer reviewed actual science that says wearing a mask is bad for your health. 

Know how I know you don’t think for a living?"
She looks awesome!!!
The blind shouldn't teach people how to read. Stay small retard.
"so yeah, he looked better — because he didn't fade

his presentation was A+

all of the top 6 looked amazing, it's that little extra. btw, phil totally faded. hadi got better"
"I mean, he does look crazy with all the mass and conditioning he has and I think he's going to do really well from here on, I just prefer clean lines. IMO he would look a lot better if he had even cuts in his legs. Even someone like Branch Warren or Paco Bautista has aesthetic quads in comparison."
Thanks
"simple because they want to prioritise those muscle groups first, or their program calls for it."
"Oh I have a whole different pain, it's in the hinge on the outside corner if that makes sense.

I suspect it's a tight knot in my right lower scapular area but I'm not sure."
"""It was negative numbers"" Connie Roleman"
Unfortunately if you do this your biceps and brachioradialis will shrivel into dust and your calves will be small and you will get stage 37 gains cancer.
"I'm avoiding squats due to a knee injury. Can anyone critique my  Leg day?

3x12 Leg Press

3x12 Leg extension

3x12 Leg Curl

3x15 Calf Raise

I was originally doing 5x5 on squats. Should I ass lower reps sets for leg presses into my routine. My legs are my weakest point and would like to know is the routine is enough to grow legs without squats."
"That's pretty standard I reckon. Society conditions us to always be productive and grinding away at some hustle or another. Your not lazy bro, your a human being. Your not designed to be 100% focused for 16 hours a day. Get your solid 6 hours in and then go chill. I think most people who spend 8-12 hours a day working only really do 5-6 solid hours of work."
"You mean far left dictatorship.  But yes they've basically become one, along with all the G7 countries.  We didn't need your cherry picked reddit stories to know that."
Looks like Mike O’Hearn’s got some competition
"I'm glad to hear it man, can't imagine the situation. Please let me know if there's anything to do to help."
I’m back to the weight from where I cut from last January after a failed bulk and it feels way better  this time. Still soft but not a total fat fuck
Sorry for talking to you the way that I did. I shouldn’t have been rude or used that tone. I’m sorry
Lmfao
"Well the NEAT is going to downregulate if you decrease calories, but there were a few studies looking at cardio &amp; NEAT. 1/3 of the participants didn't have an increade in expenditure because their NEAT decreased just as much. 1h of LISS a day would reck my leg days for sure. Obviously depending on the modality. Furthermore look at the knowledgeable 'modern' BB like johnjewett. They don't do too much cardio - rather just steps or a mixture :)"
Honestly I believe most people who spew BS about gear should do a 6 month period of 500mg of test and some dbol (or some other oral) to see what being on gear really is. Yes it's powerful but you don't instantly transform to Ronnie Coleman after your first injection.
This. I thought I had pretty high intensity before starting his newest program. Boy was I wrong
"Hey man, it's hard to ignore a guy whose delts are like actual fucking boulders. If I hadn't been involved in so much internet marketing stuff in the past to understand how these influencers work, I 100000% would've bought up every bullshit product that he was shilling."
Something like that
"Motion to have mandatory physique pic flairs for those who want to offer advice, anyone caught advising without physique pic flair is banned.

All in favor Say aye"
Yeah well I didn't have any Reese's :c
Sunny Los Angeles 😎
I’d say do a natural one
"u/oatsandwhey Hey thanks for your reply.

You're right. I'm gonns try to stick to cutting meals and trying to eat cleaner. Well mostly my fault, end up indulging in between breaks. It always goes from, just this one time then it gets worse from there so yeah definitely gonn try working on that.

What do aspirin and ephedrine do? That's the first I've heard of them. Also, there's L-carnitine, what are your thoughts on that?

Thanks!"
Thank you! I need to get a medal on my next show haha which means I need to better this. Oh that's cool is he competing?
"Wrong sub man, try r/brogress this is for competitive bodybuilding"
Well now I'm really interested to see how James and Nathan stack up against Nick
Thank you. I will do my best.
"I started bench at like 60 lol. My arms are sticks. 
I started with GZCL but im doing push/pull/legs since December but im considering starting something new again."
Accidentally did a set of bench with 227.5 lbs because I left a 2.5 off of one side. Oops.
I agree with you man. Not nationally qualified but I'm thinking about doing my first show.
Thanks for not giving up on me u/gsd65
Thanks a lot😄
Thanks! How many calories for maintenance?
blood sugar is your immediate energy. fats slow the release of insulin/blood sugar. around your workout you're burning through most of the sugar in your blood so you want to keep fats minimal in order for it to be replenished quickly. eating most of your fats at night when youre less active will give you a more stable release of energy allowing you to sleep through the night without blood sugar fluctuations waking you up
Sounds good to me!
Not to mention one of the best posers of all time and and an all around awesome representative of the sport.
"Yeah even distribution would be nice lol, most of my fat is on my stomach and I could definitely do with spreading it to my back a bit."
Just shit form. You shouldn’t use your wrist in front squats either lol
"Wasn't able or chose not to? He's backed by some of the richest, most powerful men in his corner of the earth, plus he has the ""celebrity"" status factor in the subculture which would have guaranteed he'd have had multiple ""after hours"" gym keys proffered in his direction."
"Terrible week.  

Bruised ribs playing football last Saturday and haven't been able to move properly. Hit a squat PR the other night which was naht a good idea.   

Crashed into the back of a Porsche driving my girlfriends car this morning. First crash ever &amp; not much damage but I'm an unlisted driver so may be looking at $1000+ excess.  

My side job is most likely discontinuing in June which is when I'm moving out.  

Just needed to rant. Hope you all have a good weekend &amp; lift well."
It’s precooked and tastes like shit
"Most of the guys I know are fine with lifting heavy weight, but don't nobody wanna eat no boring ass chicken and rice all day lol"
nice photoshop bro
"Thank you, you can get there too"
"I get that, the pits is definitely the worst area for me so it works well, but you can use it on anywhere that you have skin and no entrances to your body so it should be fine for like back or feet or wherever, just don't spray it in your eyes or down your dick hole."
"They look excellent. If I could give one piece of advice, slow the eccentric (going down) just a tad. It will engage the core more and obviously the lower body as well. 

Keep it up, brother!"
"Your quads are definitely your strongest point, arms likely to be what needs to come up the most.

Overall you look good man!"
Crazy that kids juicing this young.
He doesn’t look like such a Mass Monster anymore
"Idk if it’s just angles/lighting but it’s gratifying af seeing your weak points come up over the years(namely arms for me)

I’m 3-5 lbs less in the right pic and I’m pretty sure I’ve made some pretty good arm gains over the last year and a half

https://i.imgur.com/raUyaRY.jpg"
MY resting heart rate has gotten down to like 45 bpm now because of it
"I'm looking for leg day advice.

I want to include two leg days in my weekly routine (Tuesdays and Fridays) can anyone help design this please?

I'm currently doing: barbell back squats, leg extension, leg press, ham curls, calf raise.

Happy to throw in some new exercises if it helps create a more well rounded workout.

Cheers 👍"
"Posted on /r/steroids but got no answers. Got some blood work back and my TSH is at 5.40 (stated range is 0.35-5.00 mIU/L)

Test 43.2 (Stated range 7.6-31.4 nmol/L)

I’m on 100mg test a week so I’m really surprised my test is outside the range, thought it’d be lower. To Ng/dl I’m at 1247 (no free Test shown). I feel good and all lipids are within range but gonna probably lower the test. I’m not trying to pull a new natty influencer here and just use TRT as a mini blast lol. 

eGFR is 82. Which is 8 points below optimal and the test writes it at “mildly decreased kidney function” but the doctor didn’t mention anything about that so I assume I’m fine? (I am right?)

Anyway, doctor sent me to take a free T4 and anti TPO exam to see what’s up. Any feedback the experienced Sunny D folks here can give? How much longer do I have? Thanks."
Does anybody have any tips on improving grip strength? Mainly wanna increase it for deadlifting.
"Damage done will be minimised, not negated completely"
"God bless man yeah thats the goal! 48 months should give me im thinking adequate tome and with proper training with a coach and my dedication man Im excited and hopeful for the future brother! Thanks man and kick ass today, brother stay blessed!🤘💪🙏"
"I feel like dude is trolling hard. Only replies with ""really really short"" not saying height. Says hes fucking 15 years old. Uses it because he's short but sounds like an idiot. Unless you were getting in from a doctor or something, How are you even finding gh whilst sounding like an ape in this thread. Don't be doing gh bro. Your growth plates are fucked."
Congrats my man! Looking solid!
You people only care about yourselves. Elderly people are severely effected by this
Saw this coming from 100 miles away honestly
"He isn’t jealous plus just because the guy isn’t instantly built like a brick shithouse doesn’t mean he isn’t working on his physique, comments like “skinny twink” aren’t helping. 

Maybe off Mantello’s nuts for five seconds and think objectively. His substance use does have health effects, that’s an undeniable fact, doesn’t mean he hasn’t worked extremely hard but others are allowed to make statements on it."
Can i take creatine 365 days Or cycle it
Hahaha yeah weird asf
Amazing what losing a massive amount of weight and cutting the AAS to a more human amount can do
Can the mods please ban this chucklefuck already
Sounds good. What you hitting today?
You think you lost 60 lbs *of muscle?* How much fucking muscle do you think you've put on in your life?!
Probably keeps his cycle low dose.
I want to compete in the INBF or OCB.. but I have a history of cancer (had cancer at 14 and beat it by 16) and Im a bit scared of getting dangerously shredded.. maybe one day tho
Good job! Just keep at it and you’ll be at 315x5 in no time!
How did you get that physique damn
"Yeah but it ends up adding up quite a bit of time, and it's more mentally taxing imo. That's why I'd rather use it only on exercises where the unilateral variation is considerably better than the bilateral way."
That’s a good point and yea I don’t really care to “make it” I’m more doing this on the side and if it kicks off cool and if not whatever but I’m more so trying to be marketable so hopefully if I can get my pro card in 5 years I’d have a following of some sort
Hell yeah thanks 💪🏼
Nice
"Got that powerlifter beefy look nice man!
What are your lifts?"
"I train dc, but my arms still lag like a motherfucker"
I kinda do too. It must suck being the son of an all-time great BBer and knowing that despite all your bluster and bravado you’re at best a...fine bodybuilder?
Ok good.  Good luck with your doctor search.  Sounds like if you're wanting to do it you're going about it the right way.
"And his calfs. 

Flex was perfect imo, so it's a damn shame he blurred himself with to much oil use but he still wasn't as bad as ernie Taylor or the other 90s guys"
"Thanks a lot, appreciate it 😄 Yeah totally agree, It will be difficult but want to achieve as much as possible as a natural in this sport 😄 Have a good day!"
"Ahhh, Muscle Jesus to save the day!"
Stopped deadlifting a while ago - just because… idk. Today I started deadlifting again. 🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️
I loved me in everything I've ever been in.
Great work!
"Solid foundation, just need another 20lbs of muscle. Areas to focus on imo are chest and lats. Arms and legs are actually not terrible, and you have a good waist even though you’re up there in terms of body fat (for a bodybuilder, for a regular person you look good)."
You gotta put the reps in just like the gym.
LOL
"Showing my age here, but you could definitely rock some afro puffs like the Lady of Rage and perhaps pose to that song.  Might I ask your age and how long you've been lifting?"
"It really is great, it's almost as quiet as an electric, it's so nice to be next to invisible in your car"
"Like this
https://youtu.be/x4Q9hVp2LUA"
"You sure? I checked the rules on the IFBB site in Belgium. 

Anyway, good news for you since it’s a strong pose!"
"im not trying to get help, im trying to get answers. which you are unwilling to give. something tells me you have zero evidence backing up what you're saying other than ""buh buh buh someone told me this who's big!!!!"""
"Hey man, I love KL too. Cool to see you pay homage/reference Kevin with an awesome physique yourself! I wish /bb was more positive and supportive like it once was."
I lost 7 pounds since the last time I checked my tdee and my calorie intake. Apparently I still get to eat 2500 calories but I can lower my protein intake so I can have more carbs. In liking the way I look.
His head just looks like a muscle with eyes.
Cool. But not body building related.
"&gt; he's still way overweight for his height.

where do you even get this information dude"
"I won't lie, I was really outgoing and took a lot of risks on gear that I otherwise wouldn't have cause I'm too much of an introvert and pussy out on shit.  

Do I miss it the hard 1.5 hours of training everyday followed by a visit to the grocery store to prep for the next day religiously? I kind of do as it gave me some structure in my life that I was lacking in my 20s to make up for not having a social life.  

Life is different for me now.  Family members have passed away, I moved back home, and I haven't been on TRT in about a year.  I wish I had the same excitement of bodybuilding like I did in my early to mid 20s.  I was so passionate about how a proper squat worked and how much protein, carb, fats was in xxx, ya know?"
She looks like a pothead teenager who subsists mostly on hot Cheetos and boba tea and sleeps until 3pm every day. I don't get it.
"No way, he's definitely 6'3 ish . I'm 6ft and met him at a comicon once. He definitely wasn't towering over me. When a dude is 6'7, you know it. That's fucking tall. 6'3, not so much to me"
"You can do whatever you want man, don't let mom hold you down.

But yeah, a lot of people do things like abs and cardio on rest days."
"Awesome potential bro.  One tip on the side chest, don’t leave any open space between your left arm and your body.  Bring it tight, no gap.  Makes you look “bigger” in the pose.  

Keep it up!"
"Well ya boy may be going D1 for shotput and discus!!  I looked up a few of the recruits and team members for all D1 schools within 5-6 hours of me and I’m either beating all of their teams high school PR’s or I’m close. 


If I can finish the season with 60 foot in shot put and 180 in discus then I’m almost guaranteed a D1 scholarship and after today’s technique work I feel like I’m on the verge of another huge PR.


My recent PR’s are 52’1 in shotput and 153’3 in discus (there was a massive controversy for this discus throw because the person running the event wouldn’t allow me to warmup after being forced to sit down for an hour)


I’ve got 3 weeks left in this season and 3-4 meets left including state to hit my numbers, after that I’ll just have to start calling schools and working out what I can"
Thanks 🙏🏻
"haha thanks

yeah I have historically been 140-160, I just happened to get really into cooking the same time as the first lockdowns and gained like 50 lbs lol

getting back to where I feel normal again now"
Ryan Terry has amazing abs.
"thanks, appreciate the answers"
"If you haven’t had success with doctors or PT’s you sure as hell won’t find what you’re looking for here. Best I can tell you is to keep trying. If you’re still experiencing the pain but theres no actual tissue damage or inflammation going on (a doctor will need to tell you this, none of us can), then maybe consider speaking to a doctor who specializes in pain medicine"
"Shit, I'd hate it too. I've been working out at home so that's a bit boring &amp; I definitely miss hitting the big weights.

I'm glad to hear it bro! It'll get better in time then.

Venting is always good bro, I know I vent a whole lot on the DD."
"For me I found that my delts respond better to high rep dumbell raises and cable raises more so then shoulder press, don’t really do OHP that often now."
"Faulty sarcasm detector strikes again.  Sorry to ruin a good ribbing, man🤷‍♂️😂"
Bro you give me inspiration.   I’ll be 40 next year.  Love to see this.    Could I ask? Are you on TrT?
When the hell did Chipotle switch to online orders only?
"I like Kaged Muscle, Ghost, and making my own."
I just liked his face impression
Lol
I feel like I've never had this happen but probably did and just mistook it for being overcooked
"&gt;	I would say it is helpful because the shorter esters give you ability to change doses and see change more frequently if necessary

Ah okay yeah that concept slipped my mind. Makes perfect sense. And yeah I was aware of sometimes pulling test in certain protocols, though I feel like the consensus on whether or not to do it seems pretty split based off of who I listen to.

Thanks for the response boss."
"Chris has def seemed to be pretty indifferent to covid, like the majority of the pro bodybuilding community, but is there any statements he made actually calling it a conspiracy? If so thats unfortunate."
"Is this like the king of all weird flexes. 

Like good job i guess but why post it , you didnt do the lift so you arent getting a conifdence boost, the video is really low quality so even if posting it did have a purpose it wasnt gonna be a popular post cause nobody can see whats going on."
That's fun. I wanna go to university for a CS degree again. I wanna be young again. I'm too old.
looking great and love a positive story like this; keep up the solid work!
Probably just better food. Understanding of nutrition keeps growing so kids are eating better than kids used to. Which helps them grow properly.
"What a pussy way to live, enjoy living life as a pussy bro"
"Lol, he used to be hella fine because at age 25 he was way better looking than cbum. 

[Logan at Peak Attractive](https://i.imgur.com/4R5nLZL.jpg)"
"Learn to become comfortable with being uncomfortable... as cringe as it sounds. I love the hard slog of pushing my body at 60-70% intensity. Or just doing something because I know most other people aren’t doing it. 

How far do you run ? After 2-3 weeks I could run 2.5k without getting too exhausted so it’s not much trouble. I use Nike running app to track my progress which is kind of an incentive. I don’t run far or too fast. 

In one of arnie’s interviews he talks about loving each rep because something like “every rep is a step closer to winning mr Olympia/my goal”. I kind of look at running like that. I don’t think too much about the run at the time , I just think about the great shape my body will be in after I’ve done it 2-3 times a week for 6 months."
I'm sorry that attractive women want to spend time with you and fuck you
"Duck yes bro. I eat 1/2 a container of jalapeño hummus and a plate of veggies every day. Red bell pepper, carrots, cucumber, and olives slap with hummus. 

5oz of hummus is 10g protein and 350 calories."
You don't have to worry about looking like a Chad bud.
It could definitely be a benefit if that’s ur style. But I don’t think that’s the reason people eat clean
"His calves look like an upcoming stroke, he reallt should get those removed"
"There are adjustments you can make to bias one quad muscle over another, but they're all going to contribute, so keep that in mind. I like narrow stance goblet squats and narrow stance leg press. Ymmv."
Crazy that a guy with that physique is non competitive.
"Electronics, computing, play guitar etc, various nerdy as fuck stuff. Awwwhyea"
Why do you care?
Only because I care about you enough to keep you on your toes
"Ahhh okay, didn’t know about that. I heard Tomn8er talk about insulin and gh reducing the muscle definition of bodybuilders on his channel. Thanks for telling me"
"There’s no way one can, intended to be a single
meal, would contain 2 days worth of protein."
lmao good one
"I’m not being sarcastic to be funny, i’m being sarcastic because i’m an asshole"
"There’s a weird subset of lifters who seem to get actively offended by anything resembling broscience. Same sort of dudes who leave comments below pros’ training footage complaining about ROM or exercise selection. I think it’s a coping strategy or something. “Big guys don’t actually know how to eat/train, they’re only big bc of drugs and genetics”"
Holy shit bro you got this
Losing a young dog too soon is worse than an old one that lived a full life :/
Awesome. Cheers for your grandfather. Nice double biceps.
Why was he banned
"Don’t over complicate it. No one knows your body better then yourself. Set a routine, write down the weights, progressive overload, assess in 4 weeks and repeat. Come on bro, common sense. This is why you got downvoted."
Hell yeah. Happy birthday to a awesome person. Keep being awesome.
"It is, and it is very easy to pick up! If you learn it you’ll have a really easy time picking up other languages as well. Can definitely recommend!"
No u. I haven't uploaded any recent pictures bc I'm fat rn
"No diffirence man just the lightning.

Also how you squat the same you deadlift.."
Wish you all the best man! Good thing is that the stigma with autism has dropped significantly in the last couple years and society has became a lot more accomodating! Hang on tight my autistic brother and his son!
"Damn hitting PR is so mentally challenging, got under the squat today and went straight down. F"
"Fuck I forgot about dog dude, thank god he chilled out for a bit"
Why do you want to wipe sitting down?
"Working 8 hours a day for 7 months straight gave you a body of someone who works out at the gym for 45 minutes 3 times a week for 2 months and you decided to make a post about it?

Show us your entire physique including legs and back. Without using angles and light tricks. 


PS. you have extremely unfortunate ab insertions. You might consider staying at higher body fat."
Sprinting will not hinder your muscle gains. If anything the extra cardio would help body composition a little. Basically you're doing HITT and lots of competitors do that.
Yes i saw a program that had this but im just scared to get pain again so i needed to double check thanks😃😃😄😄
Will look! Thanks!
The cardio will continue until morale improves.
Hahaha same here. I posted a meme on my story tagging him and KO in it. Michael O tren blocked me and KO reacted with a bunch of laughing till crying emojis
Nah mate. You gotta bear weight on your bones. Their are 'pressure cells'.
The only thing you will regret about walking away is how long you waited to do it. You are not emotionally healthy enough to be with this person. That is not a bad thing. That is an out.
a cop abusing drugs...
Imgur comments never disappoint
"You look great, dude. Hope you win :)"
I’ll check it out! Thank you!
"You look great dude! Great job for your first show, your waist/shoulder ratio is crazy! How many people were competing in your class?"
Thank you!
Good lord. Legends.
"All ya need is some dumbbells and you can pretty much do the majority of the fundamentals. Pick up some plates along the way when you see deals since you will outgrow 80kg fairly quick, provided your diet is on point. Also, you could look into some resistance bands to up the intensity a bit, 80kg for da wheels is a joke. Mind you everyone starts from zero, good luck!"
The wiki in r/fitness has a lot of good programs
Community centre gyms are always the odd ones
"Yeah ""Vitamin D	5 μg""  probably ill have to take it at 2-3 PM because most of the time i have train at 10AM so i have never felt like to eat food in morning."
No guilt is great! Lol
"The problem is more that there are exercises where you're at a huge mechanical advantage but are using small dumbbells. Most men could probably hip thrust well over 100 kg so doing them with dumbbells just isn't going to be that stimulatory. 

To be honest I find that, when you just have one pair of dumbbells, bodyweight programs are better long term. There's a lot more documentation on how to do progression with bodyweight than with a fixed dumbbell weight."
Yep he didn’t cycle properly and PCT so he got gyno. The only way to get rid of it is surgery ask the rock....
Amazing!!!! Huge respect For Everyone!
Berberine helps with insulin sensitivity
Great advice I guess I was wrong. Thank you!
"As in kill your gains, or build muscle?"
"I don't get the arm fatigue, but I guess in theory that would make it a more trap specific exercise yes. My goal with it was an overall upper back development but seems like it worked more for the traps."
Idk what cow shit you're chewing but I never said any of that
Fucking window on my new car stopped working suddenly and all the shops close in an hour and I’m in a meeting. If it fucking rains tonight I WILL burn the house down
"tinder on easy mode looking fucker

have no advice, just jealous"
hahahaha yeah Ronnie almost quit over that
"Hilarious that the guy who has 69 in his name, can't post with decent grammar, and is constantly saying lmao is talking about having an adult conversation.

You're like the definition of an ignorant man child."
I feel like it’s possible to get a hernia from flexing that hard
Damn this is pretty much perfection.
"A dream journal helps. You wake up a lot during the night, and you can remember your dreams right after waking, but if you just go back to sleep then you won’t remember remembering them. So have a notebook + pen + light or your phone or even a voice recorder, and when you wake up in the night, describe your dream. As many details as possible, even little ones. When you read it again in the morning, you’ll remember the dreams. 

Hard to do because you won’t want to do this in the middle of the night, but it works"
"Yeah this morning I was 84 then I took this huge dump and almost ran out of toilet paper, I went down to 82 clearly from stress of not having the needed material."
Holy shit I was hoping you would LMAO
Thank you! Hit another new low today so just continuing to push to get the legs as shredded as the upper body.
"guys a fucking retard. he said if you take tren but dont diet or train hard and lose all your gains afterwards, your still natty. we knew he was delusional now, but hes clearly been delusional forever."
Yeah as I said pretty weird. Go to a gay bar or something man.
"Wishing you strength! Sucks that places where if security measures were properly taken the risk is minimal get closed, in Spain we are still holding but thinking that the same can happen pisses me off. Hoping this shit ends soon, constant uncertainty is a bitch."
"Some of you guys here are envious af... just because you can't achieve something naturally doesn't mean he couldn't... Check out a guy called Eric Bledsoe, NBA player. Dude doesn't lift weights. Now imagine what he would've looked like with a proper hypertrophy regimen + bodybuilder diet. You guys would rush to call him a fake natty after like a couple months of lifting, let alone a couple years. Just face the fact there are genetic outliers and you're not one of them. Might be an ego check, but it's good for you."
Beautiful results
"Lol I know right. No one was around us and there was 2 people in the gym besides me and my girl take the pics lol. Anyways, I started this cut roughly 12 weeks ago at just shy of 250. Dont really have a goal comp weigh, just wanna look the best I can don’t care too much about weight. Probably aiming for around 212 ish"
I agree with your statement quads can definitely be built without squats. For me squats really only get my glutes sore.
anyone else notice pressing strength is the hardest to improve when in a bulk/strength phase? leg and pull strength been increasing at a nice rate but my numbers on shoulder and chest presses don't want to budge
I could be convinced... will accept AMC stock.
Lmfao
Thx bb
"Who else is gonna sexually harass you bastards? Or keep bodybuilding sexy?? That's right, me Brad."
Appreciate it! Yea I’m doing slow refeed.  I was 7 lbs under weight cap and I think competition only gets more fierce as season goes on.  It seems like everyone who didn’t get a card or gets close to getting a card rolls into next national show.  Rather give body and mind a break and see what next year brings.
For sure. Smith machine squats are great. Also started doing shrugs on the smith machine with great results so far
At that point I just assume people would cut when you're like 2 machines away and laugh
"easy fix, what some competitors can do is offer to get  measured again if you think you have grown and that would be your official height

lots of classic guys complain that they suffer a lot of anxiety preparing for a show as they dont know what their weight cap is. They often say the measuring is so inconsistent with shows one week apart"
Thanks!
Most definitely will!
I actually laughed at “bullying is the most potent anabolic agent….”
Olympic hopes return
I stopped jerking off every day and watching porn 2 years ago. Don't even miss it. Way better ways to spend my time.
"Much of a muchness. What's best, imo, is to bring your daily cals to maintenance levels rather than a surplus, otherwise the fat you lost in the last couple weeks of your cut will come back pretty quickly, wasting the end of your cut."
Nobody is mad. We just don’t like assholes in the sport we love. Also do we know if it worked? Will we be able to see some analytics on if he did bring eyes to the show compared to years prior?
"Thanks for your comment man! I really wanted to give it a try but was skeptical about competing because of my genetics. I just don’t know If I’ve got what it takes, thanks again for your comment, I know it won’t be easy but will definitely try and compete in the future."
The Life Fitness or Hammer Strength mts crunch machine always wrecks my abs.
Ok
"Very helpful and insightful! Thank your for this, much  appreciated for sharing these gold nuggets!!!"
He thinks they look badass and I do to
The other guy is a moron. The obvious answer is 5 strengths
I want alligator arms *cries in average length*
How are you this desperate for sex?
"If I had a skinny dick the more I worked out arms, id have skinny fucking arms-Richard Piano"
"Those high lats look weird but in a good way. I just wanna pop them, or pin gear in them"
"Long term I'd say weight is best, because it can theoretically be increased infinitely, whereas there comes a point where adding more sets or reps is not convenient. 

That being said, there's a time and place for each."
"Yeah rice and fruits, the usual culprits of diabetes."
low volume in delt is key ime. I tried a full 1mL one time and had a leak feeling under my skin down to my elbow for a week
"That’s great; however, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a real thing, secondary to gear."
"Wear it when you feel it will benefit your lifts. I like to wear mine on literally everything I can. It's much easier to brace for me with it, and I couldn't care less if people look at me weird for using it constantly."
Hell that’s probably exactly it. I didn’t know that.
"yeah bro it's like I can't see the way I look now in my body when standing next to someone. it's like I'm looking through my the lens of my body 12 years ago before I ever even lifted. I can see how much bigger and leaner I am than someone but my mind can't process this and tells me otherwise. 

like wtf is this?"
Pure pumpkin is my shit man. I just eat it plain with some cinnamon and protein powder usually. Add sugar free jello mix sometimes as well.
Definitely go man. Seriously some of the best weekends of my life
"You are better off without any PEDs probably until you can move to your place.

On topic: Most orals have a greater toll on the body, with also less efficient results, especially sarms."
"How hard are you going on MISS, relative to standard LISS? Usually for LISS I’m sticking around 120-130 bpm."
Glad you clarified which one was cbum
"I also have a trap imbalance, but I’m not sure what to blame it on

Also a pec and lat imbalance. Yay me"
Yeah same. It would be a shame if it goes to the scorecards. If Ben gets this knockout it’ll shut these youtubers up for a minute.
Could be that that you gained strength little too quick. I recommend going back a little bit. How much bicep work are you doing?
"Got it, you'll be fine. Side effects beyond a day of feeling off are rare"
"I'm already stressing over paying for the SU out of pocket, $4K every semester vs $1K for a year"
"Used to be pretty cool back when he did videos for bodybuilders and passionate lifters (1+ years ago).

Nowadays, he realised he'll make a lot more profit from average people, with little to no experience in fitness, so now he just recycles his old videos about basic, common sense, fitness and nutrition principles or comments other youtubers' content."
My body loves being big. It's a lot of work for me to not get big. I do the best at 260. My body likes to be at 280-285.
Haha ur really mad about this its pathetic srs
Anti estrogen
Those genetics bro! You got a bright future. Hope you all the best
What's funny is he actually competed in bodybuilding back in the '80s haha
"Try the Johnny Knoxville special 

https://youtu.be/qULmW7cIQhQ"
"On a related note, is there any meaningful difference doing db overhead press with a neutral grip VS palms forward?"
"Yeah the community in here is great. Super supportive, really like it in here too. Many people with a lot of patience repeatedly answering the same questions.  


Hope the massage is with a happy ending, get that oxytocin and dopamine flowing. Hope it results in a good night of sleep for you!"
"His comment has over 3000 likes, I have yet to find another comment with more likes than that yet it’s still buried."
"Yeah, if we’re talking about people looking to regain the Olympia we’re talking about Breon, Danny Hester, Brandon Curry, Shawn Rhoden, Phil Heath.   
  
Chris and Ramy are *defending* their titles."
Congratulations you look amazing!
You have the abs of a God!
5’10” is pretty tall for men’s open as well seeing as the average Mr.O height is like 5’8” and the only one that was ever 6’0” tall was Arnold
Something like that lol
"Calum ""No Lats"" Von Moger disagrees"
I vote Roids and hgh ftw. Certainly not health
"Thanks for sharing the whole split. I follow a pretty similar split, hitting bis and tris at least twice a week. Anything specific you’ve noticed made a significant difference?"
"To be completely honest I’m no expert in what 12 year olds look like with their shirts off. Seems like he had a bit of gyno? I mean he’s doing his thing, good for him. I’m not sure where you’re getting the genetic freak thing from though.

Also, he was clearly juicing in the 15 year old pic (assuming arguendo he was 15). Can’t convince me he wasn’t."
"I blame my refeed the morning of entirely, lamb burger was not the right choice :,) thank you man!"
Look awesome! 💪💪
Awesome physique. Your legs are your strong point IMO.
I honestly thought you were taking the piss with the jerking fast movements.
"I hope the phrasing of the question makes sense , as I didn’t know how else to say it .

I feel like for guys it’s easy to know what the goal is , as for most people it’s pretty much just to have lean muscle mass and abs . As a woman it’s difficult to know what to do in order to improve . I’ve been lifting for five years and recently starting long distance running on top of it . I feel like it’s very difficult to know the best aesthetic, as I feel like for guys it’s way either to put a tangible goal on what they want . I feel like it goes from people from Cass Martin, to Karina Elle . It’s so difficult to find a medium ."
"Hey man, good on you both!  Congrats on the incredible progress.  Y’all look great."
Lmao that sounds even more interesting. Can you post a pic? Now i REALLY wanna see what big upper pecs but small titties look like.
Damn dude they're looking huge!
Stay juicy out there freak bitches.
Awww well here's to hoping my guy lol!! But you're looking ripped af! Looking forward to the updates!😁
no and I‘m happy that classic physique is slowly taking over.
Holy shit he found him in his room. How terrifyingly sad… :’(
"You don’t have to expose yourself to any of that and you get to choose how you engage with social media. When I choose to comment, it’s always kind, to g someone up or to help them with exposure.

I understand social media is how you describe but you don’t have to engage in that way if it makes you sad.

Chin up bb"
"Idk if the guy made a new account and if he’ll see this post. But here it goes 

Guy dmed me this shit after replying a couple times to a question I had on magnesium. Apparently I give off a gay vibe? 

https://ibb.co/pdwzHMf
https://ibb.co/cXSrRSy
https://ibb.co/19WwS2Z
https://ibb.co/nQQRkNS

I may just be trippin and overreacting but is this guy insane?"
Thats a good way to get cancer.
"What is there to fuck up if proper protocol are taken?
Worst case just jump off the sarm and pct?"
I wish.  Making good progress right now though.
"Ha, jokes on him.  We have a top loading washer...........^(oh shit)"
This guy's youtube channel is pretty good too. He is really open and honest.
"This is like the domino effect meme

Some dude trying meth=shitting on the floor=you leaving 

=New opportunities"
"Yeah, stress and anxiety definitely fuck up results in this sport. Glad go hear you're doing better! And no doubt, two or three months and those legs won't be sticks anymore haha."
I love doing calf raises in the leg press machine. Hanging your heels off the bottom and letting them fully stretch between reps hurts so unbelievably good.
Good job bb. 🤗
I honestly don't know.  I think it might be worth getting a PT to check it out.  Shoulder stuff is so complicated because there are so many things that could be going on.
The houses I want to live in start at 800k. Huge wake up call in terms of how delusional I was.
Ronnie such a legend man. Inspirational.
Gatorade is better because it uses dextrose which is more efficient than high fructose corn syrup. Gatorade is also pretty high in electrolytes and other minerals to keep you hydrated while training. Soda has nothing other than a little phosphorus thats used as a flavor preservative
Do- do people actually believe this shit? This has to be some sort of metapostironic troll right?
"Yeah you put em in a glass of water and you want them to sink. 

I go through phases of using like one egg a month and using 15 a day lol"
Meal prep at its best huh?
Aye y’all God is out there !! He sent his and only son to die for your sins. Turn away from your sins and come to Christ❤️
Jesus dude this is almost as bad as when I asked my current gf if I can grab her ass while my penis was inside of her
"good morning,

since running doggcrapp training i have really taken a liking to a ""beat the logbook"" mentality.  obviously there comes a time in advanced bodybuilding where you can't just continue to add plates to the bar and get infinitely stronger, but for 99% of us, this is the best way to add muscle.  heavy, progressive weights for reps, high protein, lots of food.  there's a few ways to do this, but doggcrapp is a solid foundation to learn intensity.  there is a strict way to follow this program and the info is available on the intensemuscle forums although not quite consolidated.  it will take a lot of studying, but will give you hypertrophy and strength.  i suggest you continue your current program and take a nuanced approach to learning about this method of training.

there is also jordan peter's subscription site, trainedbyjp, which you can try for free.  even as i become a better bodybuilder, it remains a staple in my education.  he has an education section which has hundreds of videos on training, food, drugs, you name it. different splits depending on where you are as a bodybuilder, but with the same approach. heavy progressive weights and food."
Yes!! Honestly if she hadn’t told me she was going t do it and I found out all of the sudden then yes she would be a goner but she discussed it with me and after she saw my reaction she  opted to workout in a different gym (at first she still defended her decision to workout with the guy doe).
Yes I figured. How tall are you? I would also be curious to see a side chest because I can’t tell if it is the pose that is making it look smaller than it is. Also your arms are fucking sick.
Oh God the pregnant look. The before bed/waking up contrast still makes me second guess everything I'm doing
"You’re in pretty good shape for 8 weeks out. Your vacuum pose should only get better as you get closer to the show. But without seeing your other classic poses, obviously I really can’t say if this is your best one. But it’s definitely a very solid pose for you. Keep practicing it and make sure you can hold it for an extended period of time."
Jesus save some women for the rest of us
"No way you just said that, fuck man I've always heard that I had bad genetics and shit, fuck man you made my fucking week for saying that, I still got time to grow tho I've been training for like 2 years and 2 months, maybe it's bad to hop on gear early like that but I really wanna take it to the next level."
"Damn you’re on a 48/96? Bro I fuckin haaaate 48s.  we have 24/72s. I haven’t done contest prep but i know that cutting sucks enough as it is. I feel absolutely gassed after doing anything fire-related on a cut. 

That being said, it is possible. I can’t recall his name but I remember one of the guys who made it to the finals for the Arnold classic back in 2019 said he was a Houston firefighter. You will absolutely have to have your shit together though."
Have you noticed any irritation or microsoft logos around the injection site?
How do you guys take a caffeine tolerance break? At the point where a Bang makes me tired lol.
"the 5'10 cut off is the difference between class B and C which is probably why hes asking. i know cuz thats quite literally where i am and im thinking the same thing as him. im either the tallest or the shortest in class. 

/u/Vtron89 if your heighted any amount over 5'9 but exactly 5'10 or less, your in the 197lb cap. if your exactly 5'9, your in the weight cap below that which is 190. shows are really hit or miss on heighting people so good luck lmao"
We will probably never see another human like Ramy. Those legs are like like double the size of even the current pros
"Holy shit, no kidding. The VP of my company played D1 football back in the day and said his coaches used to give them cocktails of peds"
Racism
"If we are being honest, even most enhanced athletes don't hit 4%."
Gotta convince mum to get me one of those
"Is it bad if a coach and client are entering the same show, same division? How does he plan to coach me through my prep while going through his own, especially in the last week or two."
Lol he's not natty.
That girl hipthrusts 250+kg at like 55-60kg. Better get to work.
Well as long as you're ok with it and you like the level of socialization you have it's fine IMO.
"This chick asked me what I like to do for fun, and I told her I literally only go to the gym. Otherwise I’m working, eating, or sleeping. Killed that conversation quick but I really don’t care at this point. If she’s not a gym rat, I’m not interested anyway. 

I started picking up reading some business books to improve my financial iq but who the fuck wants to hear about that."
I got two cut up chickens for the smoker in two days whoooo
"No idea tbh, as far as I know it's supposed to affect mostly hands and feet but may as well affect in other ways."
If you do things just to be attractive to girls you’re going to have a miserable life. They aren’t everything.
"The way I seem to be loosing fat (not sure at this point if I'm doing so tbh) is just frustrating AF. These are skinfold caliper values, last Saturday vs today. In three different ab spots, 14 to 13-13,5, 9 to 8, 9 to 8,5, and I'm not even sure of the accuracy since I only recently started using the calipers.

Spot in my quads? From 8 to 5-6. FML."
Some did. He seemed to want to be left to himself. I was at a machine next to him for a bit.
"&gt; I have no idea what I’m doing

If you haven't already done so, now is a good time to look into [Imposter Syndrome](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impostor_syndrome). It's perfectly normal for people in new positions to feel like they don't know what they're doing, or that they don't belong at their new job. Sometimes it gets bad and you're like ""fuck they're going to find out I don't know what I'm doing and take the new job away from me"" and even that's normal. This is even more so true if you're a male in your early-to-mid 20's.

Embrace the high workload and enjoy how quickly it makes the day fly by!"
"Everyone looks better on IG filtered and lighting pics, we gotta see his package in 2 weeks on stage but yea I think it’s cause he has been on extremely low carb this prep. That’s why he’s looking tighter Imo. Carbs bloat"
I'm glad to hear you're doing well bro. Hope it gets better asap!
"Yeah, Hawaii and California might be a bit too hot depending on location, but with Oregon and Wa being a bit more northern they're probably the best bet for someone like me lol."
This sub is getting more stupid by the day
Haha people always give some long explanation that takes months of practice. It just ain’t that hard though
How are you liking it? I think im going to give it a go once cut ends on turkey day.  Start the winter bulk proper.
Herc!!! Nice to see ya buddy ;) Cran blackberry and Cran watermelon has been my favorites 😏 that and a fuck ton of Tren as well 😂😂 I’ll drink a whole gallon of orange juice in one day lmao that shit is addicting
I want 1990s Spiderman 190lb physique
Admire the discipline!!
Nice penis.
I’ve gotten on anxiety meds to deal with the worry but they don’t seem to be working 😫
"Cut back trans fats and sugars, watch sodium intake or balance it out with potassium and plenty of water. Also these extracts helped tremendously:

Garlic

Celery Root

Fish Oil

Cialis (optional)

Baby Aspirin right at bed time"
"So... sounds like you're actually wanting to bulk but on EC for the energy?  In that case don't.  Yeah you can get a big boost from it, but IME it tapers out after 2-3 weeks and you NEED it.

  On top of that, taking it anytime after mid afternoon is gonna fuck with your sleep, making the whole thing counterproductive.  Let's say it gives you a 10% (generous) boost in the gym, but cuts an hour of actual, restful sleep out of your night.  The gym boost isn't worth losing that.  Your sleep and recovery is more important.

  As far as dehydrationg, I don't even sweat alot but will easily get dehydrated if all I'm drinking is straight water.  I discovered several years ago to add some lite salt to my workout drink otherwise I'd flush everything out just drinking water and would get dry lips and be prone to cramping."
"Again, you have a poor understanding of how people are judged in bodybuilding…"
would you recommend dips for triceps?
"Super hyped because I loved the series, but not enough to shell out 15-20 bucks for every damn dlc they made"
Severely deluded if you think he’s skin and bones. People need to stop using open bodybuilding as the standard for being “buff” or “big”. I don’t know this kid but he’s objectively more muscular than 99% of the population.
thats what i did today as well. it sucks i cant do superset bc it was so crowded
Looking ready. Good luck
"Fuck yeah man. Good for you

It's okay! Baby steps. Next time, try to force yourself to talk to someone, even if it's a simple compliment.

That was a big step that most people would never take"
Yes and for best results get a chihuahua.[Gay chihuahua.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6aMkPZ7pLQ)
Good luck! Looking awesome!
"Lmao I see, his arms as legs"
"Dang you beat me to it! He's looking pretty great for the off-season IMO, will post some comparison pics in a minute."
Love the legs ! Nice work
your posing improved **a lot** from your older posts. great work
anything over 3g/kg of LBM is when benefits taper off
Damn he’s a beast
Haha yeah I know. I've met à fair few girls off OLD before. Just had 0 luck this time. Maybe I've gotten ugly in the past few years
Strong username.
"Avocado makes me sick. It didn't always, but one day I got guac at Chipotle and it made me feel so sick that I left work early, IIRC. I've given it a chance many times since then, but I get that nausea even  with the smallest amounts of it.

I live in Los Angeles, so I've gotten literal **gasps** when I said I don't like avocado."
"It's alright, you'll learn just by being there."
"Love my Metcons, very comfortable and stable for any exercise and they seem to be pretty durable."
"If you enjoyed Warlock and it fits what you’re doing, feel free to keep using it. Now that you’ve done it once you might know what you liked and didn’t like and can make baby step adjustments from there.

Six months is a pretty long time to cut, it might be time to step back to maintenance for a bit. However I would base it off how you feel. Is your metabolism still going strong? Are you losing much strength? How much farther until you feel like you’re at a good point to add mass again? What is your long term goal, and how does your current physique relate to that goal? Maybe most importantly, take a look at your mental health. Are you just fucking tired of cutting to the point of it really affecting you inside and outside the gym?"
If my friend is doing pull ups and puts the gyms small dumbbells in his pants for added weight is that weird
Fitness advice in a bodybuilding sub by an average looking dude. Id give it 3 hours before this post is removed.
I had no idea lmao
"Ok, if I’m out that way I’ll put it on the list. But only to lift with you, not cause of the gym"
"Holy shit, that's way better than I would've guessed.  Amazing job.  Do you have a coach that helps with this type of stuff or you just know how your body handles prep?"
"But heart disease kills people and cancer so why is something else killing them so bad? I need to workout bro 
/S."
"Well ya see. I wake up I get in the car I drive to the gym and then I put the plate on the barbell

Then I lift the weight up and I put it back down. I do this until I finish the predetermined amount that I planned on.

Then I put everything away and leave"
You cared enough to comment thats good enough for me bb 😘
"Sure they are, but the fucking circle jerkers here have to make it the prime focus of everything. On stage those veins will matter very very little, if at all. And also once hes tanned up they're far less noticeable and i think most actual bodybuilding fans dont care much about them either way."
"Thanks dude, I'll go searching!"
like your shape and those rear delts are legit
"Just gotta say no Whey for a bit. Found this as a replace, pup tent mornings were a surprise. Took away the snack hunger too.[https://www.seedoilcompany.com/product-page/pumpkin-seed-protein-powder](https://www.seedoilcompany.com/product-page/pumpkin-seed-protein-powder)"
"Like the below guy said I've been telling my guy freinds this for a while. 

Girls don't like me I'm lonely. Ok cool so like what you have going on for you? Are you shooting twords a cool job? What about hobbies skills other stuff?

How do you expect a cool high quality girl to want to date you if you can't even do basic life shit?"
"Looking insane dude, you are absolutely Dorito’d"
"No dude I researched this stuff about 6months ago I’m not gonna go back through hours of research for a nobody lol

They show an increase of testosterone to normal levels, it did not include diet and exercise sure but we know Robby has been watching his diet and never stopped training so it’s a given on his part. 

And his test range probably isn’t crazy we have said normal range the whole time. He is carrying a normal amount of muscle for someone who trains regular. It’s just crazy because he is old. But if his test levels are in the normal range he should be able to hold a normal amount of muscle which he does. We never said it was gonna make you a beast but put you in normal range. Do more research yourself, actually read the other two articles. I’m not gonna go back through hours of research so you can just say … ok or not respond. Stop kidding yourself you aren’t that important lol go read for yourself. 

You have also got to factor it this isn’t the only herb he is taking, these with a balanced diet, training(he never stopped) and good genetics for bodybuilding and I believe you can look like this. He said he never used testosterone, and test wants used in the 70s when he competed and said he never would. Do some research on all the herbs he takes and what they do.

Also go look up Stanford professor Andrew Hubbard who says tongkat Ali does indeed work and boost testosterone. Go read what I sent you, listen to Hubbard, and come back. So yes spoon fed I gave you three articles and you read one and formed and opinion."
"I hope all goes well for you competition wise, and your health. 👍🏾"
Why do you want compression pants? Just wear joggers.
Each day. Thanks.
"Lmao! 

Funny answer.

But yeah he’s got a lot more beer belly than me."
Dude. You are the fucking man— this is awesome!
"Thank you so much. It's just a mark from squatting low bar for years. If you look closely, it's on my left delt too, just a bit more pronounced on the right, probably more sensitive skin 🙂 Funny thing about that, I had a gap year due to gym closures and the marks had started to fade. I was really glad to get them back haha I like to wear them like battle scars"
"Starting Gamma Bomb today. Ran nSuns a couple times &amp; majority of the time I run PPL. 

Ready to switch things up."
"I think volume is the word im looking for, my bad"
There’s a reason I stopped posting actual prep logs here. Some dude felt the need to tell me he wouldn’t want to fuck me on my last pics. Because we all know that’s entirely why I do bodybuilding and get to single digit body fat. Guess I’ll go cry because someone half my age and half my size doesn’t want to give me their pathetic gummy worm for 30 seconds of pathetic sex.
The worse in my opinion is those super skinny stickino's doing lat pulldowns taking 20 min to do a set on 50lbs!
Yes but I'd like to have good enough mechanics to squat free weight without injury
"Tested going to failure on squats today for the first time in forever.

Got up to 230 lb. x 5 before missing the 6th rep. PR. Yay."
"&gt; Sounds more like libido if you ask me

ROFL dude did you mean to tell /u/Upstairs_Good that it sounded like *Placebo* and it came out Libido? Tren must definitely be kicking in!"
"Thanks, no intention on quitting😁"
I wanna look like goku
You win!!
"Yeah i gotchu bro. I don’t know but I’ve noticed that like dropping subtle hints really helps? Like if you can tell a girl may be interested in you and you wanna make the most of it you can try asking her about her interests and shit. Girls take literally anything as hints so you can literally be like “oh your eyes are really cool I like them” and that’ll be enough to keep them thinking. Ease into it. Yes, sometimes it’s good to be straight up and be like “youre really attractive” but I’d say that’s only if you know the girl is 100% into you. If any of that makes sense"
Arnold was the best of his time. He didn't get any Hollywood fame until after Pumping Iron and winning his Olympias.
"Upper body, lower body, off, upper body , lower body"
"Not yours, yours looks like it owns a yacht that also holds a smaller yacht in its hull."
"I’m fine with DYELs as long as it’s about bodybuilding but why the shit is there a video of someone deadlifting. 

I think I’m too old to be here now."
"I mean, the genetics are great for competition for sure, but I hate the whole thing about ""bad genetics"". Bad genetics for competition can be amazing for other situations."
"Yeah, his core looks like trash for being on stage, and especially compared to everything else."
"Lately I've been feeling weird after workout. Usually it's all good, feeling pumped, endorphins and all that good shit. But lately it's that plus a sick feeling, like a light flu. It goes away in the evening. Tried stopping for a couple of days. Same feeling when starting again. Tried lighter training and it went away but also the good part is kinda missing. Any idea what's wrong?
I only use BCAA and Whey isolate as supplements and that didn't change. Diet is the same, lots of meat, eggs, cheeses, Musli, veggies, fruits, rice."
"&gt; 6 days of intense physical training be recompensed with just a single day of rest

? you're getting at least 2 days between muscle groups unless your programming is retarded"
"5/3/1 is a strength program, you’re not going to be able to run it without at least a barbell and a rack. Just get a gym membership, you’re not going to be able to do much with such limited equipment. You could throw together a very basic home gym relatively cheaply too."
What are good options for sauce?
This has to be a joke right? Kid I bulk on 5K if 1500 is a lot you must look like a broomstick
"That’s the plan, I have a hard cutoff at 220 and monitor regularly because you’re completely right. An unhinged dirty bulk got me fat once and never again, getting to 215 faster than expected is actually what got me thinking about either a recomp or a slow down."
"Me af. 

Works 11 hours straight with minimal food to go straight to working out and feeling weak. Also me : “why do I feel weak today ? :/“"
There's a bb Google drive that has it for free
Didn’t do shit for me either. I didn’t really expect it to do much though. I eat a diet full of nutrient dense foods and recovery is on point which will bring the most noticeable change.
Holy fuck dawg. That's some solid aesthetics
This is like a shitty twista
"Keep cutting, then lean bulk when you're shredded. I've made the mistake of bulking when I wasn't lean enough ... and it was not pretty"
"&gt;  I just feel like they are usually made really long and come down too far below my waist,

my manlet detector is off the charts!"
Could've done it natty but good progress nonetheless
"Yeah thats why I dont use sarms, but thats the rationale I keep hearing. It is true that most sarms rape your liver and kidneys less than harsher anabolics and thats where people get the safe argument. The carsinogenic one is cardarine amd its actually not a sarm at all even if its marketed as one. The carsinogenic effect is being depated constantly as well. The studies it comes from are done on mice giving them equivalent of 40mg on humans for 75% of their lifespan. This obviously doesn’t model the way the drug is used in humans (more like 20mg for 6 weeks). The fact still stands that at least in some protocol cardarine produced tumors on rodents."
Yeah wow was this show particularly stacked?
That’s an excellent burn my man.
"Thanks, I really appreciate your willingness to always help everyone in here."
"Wish I had diarrhea. So emptying, so satisfying."
"What bothers me most is when people judge my hobbies. Of course lifting is one of mine but I have a huge passion in technology, I work in tech. Most people equate that to me being a nerd lol."
"Yes, there is a limit of carb utilization around training and throughout the day, which is where supplementation and insulin use comes in. You can't say food is the only limiting factor when insulin is involved. More insulin -&gt; more carbs can be utilized and it becomes a balancing act of using enough drugs and eating enough food to keep yourself growing without literally dying from blood sugar shock. And how is it a bad comparison? The original post was asking why bodybuilders don't eat more liquid calories and the answer is because the calories aren't the only factor."
"I usually incorporate some kind of ""drop set"" methodology whenever I work out. Like, I'll get to the end of my set, lower the weight, and then lift until I fail a second time. Does that actually help gain muscle? I still do 3-4 sets."
"That's amazing, you look totally different from before! Keep it up and best of luck to you on your show"
those wings tho... best pair of lats next to dorian
Post pics then nerd.
"shit i totally didn’t read the end there.


nah, that’s crazy.  look at this guy flexin on me with his economical butthole"
Looks great. Conditioning isn’t all that but these are just pics. Congrats
Good I would have loved to have him as a coach in high school.
Sad that they ban her but let in manatees wearing yoga pants
"I do pinkies on the rings, so pretty wide."
this took such a weird turn but im here for it.
"I agree. Not that the following seasons are bad(a little lesser compared to what came before), but you can tell they were kinda just finding a way to keep the show rolling imo."
You can gain a deep understanding of all of Dostoevsky by hanging out in a Russian apartment for 15 minutes.
Can we get another shot from a lower angle bill? This angle you are using right here is not typically very complimentary to the lower body
Wow Guy Cisternino looks like shit at the Puerto Rico Pro.
"When you put it like that, yeah I low-key do think every time someone gives me a compliment it's a joke.

""Are we looking at the same person?"" Shit like that man.

Don't get me wrong I have a lot more self-confidence and self-esteem than I did prior to this but it definitely could be better."
"There's too much ""kill it brother, always give it 250% and leave everything on the floor"" bullshit in the sport, but it's turning around slowly"
Put your damn hands down in the back pose.
I'm using your stupid logic on you.
"Yes but it's negligible; it's easier to elevate your heart rate when you're hot and sweating. However, when you're cold the body will burn more cals trying to raise body temp so in the end it really doesn't have any impact."
"Na, shit tattoos are still shit."
Thanks so much man!! 💪
Clean your gd house
Isn't weird a bunch of straight guys checking out a guy in his underwear right down to his hair follicles even girls don't do that lmao wtf
"Agreed, pretty odd. I can’t ever see that working well tbh lol."
People literally hate Breon for no reason other than the fact that they're Cbum dick riders.
Not falling for this trap contact my agent for a statement.
"If you've solely been doing strength training, then PHAT or PHUL would be a great segue into hypertrophy training. You might need to modify some of the accessory work a bit to get it down to just 4 hours a week though."
Best of luck man! Hope you do really well. Btw show the legs! Love how your pic quality still sucks 😂 reminds me of you posting on MD and always getting criticized for your potato cam quality.
"Good back, but shoulders lookin great in that shot. 
I feel you about the non lifter friends, some of my friends comment on my physique as if I was a pro bodybuilder lol"
"Hopefully Channing Tatum can grow out a beard to play my character. Also thanks man, I hope this one works out too."
His face looks photoshopped into his body lol.
Rich piana
This is the best thing I’ve ever seen
Arnold split. And true to form he replaced leg day with more bench.
"Yes, I would consider a rdl for hamstring hypertrophy a different exercise altogether. It’s largely in the set up. To focus on hamstrings, you almost want your legs to be perpendicularto the ground at all times, with the bar a couple inches in front of your shins, and pulling with the bar a few inches in front of your body the whole RoM, stopping just above your knees (where tensions shifts from hams to glutes). 


For a strength based rdl, traditional deadlift set up with the bar touching your shins, your butt out behind your feet, and pull in line with your center of gravity, while also pushing through with your glutes at the top."
Eating a bunch of shit before I start a cut/diet tomorrow. Spent the weekend labouring and consequently fucked up my cut the first time.
I gave it the benefit of the doubt &amp; clicked it. It's written as poorly as a three year old's essay about nonsensical secrets they know.
"Wrong. You are just a loser injector who needs to feel better about himself juicing.

When you hop off gear you still keep an increased number of nuclei in muscle cells which helps you for the rest of your life"
Thank you!
I thought creatine was the most studied and safe supplement?  What dosage is abuse?
"Uh

That was sarcasm m8. I genuinely hope you don't quit. Lifting is life-changing if you do it properly."
"?? Breon’s physique looks like it’s straight out of the 80s, very classic and his posing is good."
"Just a warning to everyone who doesn't read that sub regularly, tread lightly when you head to the comments section over there, it's like walking across a minefield."
"Cutting off all verbal communication changes the way I perceive others and others perceive me since it's a barrier to communication.  It's pretty much impossible to come off as friendly and sincere to a stranger when you can only communicate with your eyes and your voice.

That then leads to depression due to not being able to socialize.

Plus it's compounded by the fact that a mask mandate basically means all mass gatherings are gonna get cancelled, and indoor social venues will have way less people at them.  Idk if you ever went to bars in April and early-May, but the environment is completely different between then and now.

So yeah again, it's not in my head.  It's a very real phenomenon.  Masks aren't just something that makes socializing slightly more difficult.  They pretty much make it impossible to socialize with strangers."
"I always feel bad bugging them, I figured it would eventually come up organically kind of like just now :)"
"My arm has been feeling this pain while I benched, i tried playing though it and it’s getting worse so now I hade to rest is.
I hate injuries man, fuck it’s over"
I appreciate the use of a scale we can understand.
"Oh yeah I know, I wasn’t sure how accurate that statement was but it’s good enough for me, I HATE doing cardio"
lol no I don’t do 6 hour arm days
"I'm also trying keto after I had really good results from doing it to cut before. I've never been able to cut on high/medium carb.

188cm 90kg 13-14bf estimate: 1850 kcal 190p 113f 25c."
"Yeah, they're both companies. Google em"
"Natural &amp; 1 year of training.

Not sure if srs lmao."
"agreed, ironically my arms are my strong point tho"
I refuse to believe that isn't a troll
Nice job OP posting the pics. The judges got it right.
"[It's so much cheaper. You make a shake with egg whites and oatmeal. You realize how cheap that is? Oatmeal is so cheap. Oatmeal is probably the number one food for a body builder as far as cost effectiveness of what you're getting, for how much... It's one of the best carbohydrates out there.](https://youtu.be/Dz2FvD-wEI8?t=682)"
As long as you’re happy I guess that’s all that matters
"69? Nice. 

I am a bot lol."
"Maybe I’m weird but I make sure to do it no more than 1x a day. It has made my sex life better, personally."
Yeah I get it man. Keep grinding and good luck with the rest of prep.
Thank you!
Cheers bro
Yes
Nice wings and taper
Oh nah man ik all about the ratio but a tiny little part of me is still holding out hopes ill get a compliment from a chick even tho ik it won't happen😔. Its ok tho all I need is the bros
"I definitely had way less gains when I was on 50-70gs of protein each day.

But I’ve had upwards of 185gs of protein to just 100. I think the sweet spot for me is 120-130 a day. Any more then that I honestly can’t tell a difference. I could probably be fine with just 100-110."
"Angle is definitely a little funky here but fucking christ, Keone is a monster"
Do you mind giving it to me?
I’d be shocked if he made it that long honestly. Not hating. Dude works his ass off for sure. I think those calves/shins are signs of an underlying health condition. Hopefully he is being monitored by medical professionals.
i am watching him on RBP now and yeah i think he is impressive ... but a tad boring lol so thats why i forgot his name
"You can do it, it's pretty much what works best for you, and this new split that you're asking about it pretty much just has 1 rest day, so instead of letting the muscles rest for around 72 hours, they'll now get more like 48 hours, I reckon change it up and see how it works, because for the past few years I pretty much changed my split every few weeks til I found what worked best for me, so supposedly change it up and see how it works bro."
WTF is that garbage and why does it cost so much lol
"""stupid idiot who doesn't get bloodwork"" works good too!"
Great looking young man
"It is not healthy to be contest ready lean, regardless of diet, probably even worse if vegan."
"Boof it, you’ll be fine"
I was running creeping death II during my cut last month. I felt like dog shit. Way too much volume for me. Took a break from it now. Will probably run it again after my strength block.
"If you really want to be the next Arnold, start now. Fuck it."
Love chicken liver! Unbelievably cheap too
Yeah it’s kind of weird to me
"I'd say worry about one thing at a time. Of you are still losing fat, keep at it, and keep lifting hard.  Whether you hit your bench goal before you finish your cut isn't really worth worrying about. Just keep working.

Once you finish your cut, I'd probably bulk. The easiest (and, in my opinion, best) way to get stronger is to put on more muscle.  Trying to keep yourself light doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me unless you have a good reason."
What the hell am I reading/looking at
"Lose weight, work abs"
"Oh yeah not in general, just in terms of legal shit that can give you intense dreams it's neat in my experience."
It's good stuff. Salvia extract uwu
"Oh no, 3 reps? Will your gains ever recover?!

If he's not a good spotter just thank him, and move on. He did you a favor, not the other way around."
He’s been banned afaik
That sucks. May your PT/recovery be swift and uneventful!
David laid is really good at cameras and angles to make himself look bigger than he is. The man is out angling Larry wheels lol
Lmao that will absolutely not work dude
Amazing
Have you seen good forearm development from hammer curls?
Looking great 💪💪
"Yea it's pretty hilarious abusing drugs, still look like trash and you have a kid. Fucking hilarious dude."
Tomorrow I get a couple nerve block shots in my neck. If I become paralyzed please tell everybody it was from a squat PR attempt.
Every sword award that I've seen is pretty legit and heavy.
"Yeah that is honestly the thing harder than even going to the gym. Right now, I've got some of that Huel stuff to at least help me when it's a big struggle."
"Shit I always forget that, I compete in BB obviously 😂 it’s unfortunately a tough pill to swallow not bringing home the win, just keep it up, every opportunity is an opportunity to learn. Time to eat!"
Favorite cardio is heavy bag work. Gets my heart rate up and sweat like crazy.
"Yeah I basically mean a separate workout dedicated to abs with a mix of resistance and body weight stuff. I’d split my stuff up into 6 total sets for obliques, 6 total sets for crunch-type exercises, and 6 total sets for leg raise variations."
You can't change the doctor lol
Influencer gang is safer
"Definitely not. You're not going to be open Mr Olympia as a natural but you can still build an amazing physique with a bit of patience and willingness to learn.

Keep in mind that the average person's idea of ""being jacked"" is very different from the Internet's. To most people, you will look like you lift and they will notice."
Growth &gt; acne!
"You have a really good base. But you are 20 weeks out if not more. I know this might sound a bit harsh and offensive, but it's honest opinion."
"So fun morning.

Whoever at my work closed last night somehow some way managed to shove a decent sized   trash carrier in a door that only half opens and just left it there all night

Now logically speaking it would take more effort to lodge this thing in there then it would to you know

Just leave it be. I have no idea why this person attempted to defy physics and logic in such a way nor do I understand how. 

Also not only was that done they didn't actually empty any of them. So upon coming into work I was greeted with a ridiculous amount of flies and bugs because we live in Florida. One of the bags in  a different carrier was so filled I couldn't lift it without it ripping and making a bigger mess. So I had to grab gloves and empty it by hand along with having to take out the rest of it.

10 out of 10 morning"
"Sorry, but one week is not enough time to cause noticeable changes to one’s voice or muscle size, etc. Just simply having higher testosterone won’t build noticeable muscle without weight training anyway. Also, sexuality is not determine by one’s hormone levels. Many gay men have high testosterone levels and it simply makes them more horny for other men. Just as women who use steroids don’t turn into lesbians."
"Impressive, good luck."
One of the best. Can’t wait for him to blow peoples’ minds when he returns to the stage.
"So bad... like you won’t build any muscles at all. You might even grow negative muscles that eat your positive muscles.

Nah, it’s fine. It’s just simple carbs, definitely not the preferred carb source but won’t be detrimental unless you over do it and rape your insulin sensitivity."
"Yeah either here or IG. I don't remember where, but I saw you showing it off."
"Lower lat insertions ✅
Great Job. Congrats! 💪🏼"
Haha
Constructive criticism: you really need to hit lower back and back in general hard
"Wow im glad to hear he’s actually not in as big of a risk as i thought! Im probably projecting as its uncharted territory for me if I hopped on anything. My BP could stay in safe ranges or go up a lot. Additionally, the aneurism I have is located in my left ventricle so hypertrophy of the left heart can also pose a big issue."
My recipes are ass and barebones but if you don't have an air fryer you're making it hard on yourself
"Chocolate smooth is pretty good, very mild flavor."
"That’s fair, maybe he has a chance in that case, but it’ll depend how he grows over the next couple years."
"I like your approach, the only thing i think is hard is.... you mention look at one thing that you like every time you see something you don't like. In bodybuilding everything is looked at as a full package and the package ""looks"" ruined in the eyes of the beholder when something is lacking. I understand that this is sometimes irrational but we cant help it all the time. Pictures are the key though, I find that they progress even when the weights and the weight does not."
Someone’s jealous a girl that’s natural is bigger than them 😉
I think you’re better off busting your ass for 5 and doubling your days off personally. Body needs time to recover and grow
Wait... is this real? 👀 if so I’ve missed out on a lot of calories
"flat benched for 2 years and saw little to no chest gains but hella tricep growth - never got to 2 plates

switched to incline ever since, its way more enjoyable, feels right, [gave me a nice little shelf](https://imgur.com/gQn9ZBJ) and can now rep out 2 plates for like 12 on flat after not doing it for 2~3 years so there is definitely some carry over

&gt; Any tips for minimizing front delt involvement?

dont lock out its counter productive for bb'ing purposes you're going to recruit more of your shoulders imo"
"So full of broscience shit. The '08 Mr. Olympia winner is the longest standing competitor with the most wins of any bodybuilder in the history of the sport, and remains competitive as a top 10 Mr. Olympia for the last 20 years, with 14 of those 20 being top 5 placements.

Show me a video of that guy lifting heavy.

Edit: PS the gritty/grainy look is from magazine photoshoot filters or heavily filtered Instagram pics."
"&gt; she wishes she could grow a huge cock and just fuck it so hard.

Bro stap-ons are a thing, I bet if you asked nicely she'd even let you pick it out."
I usually insta block people who use the sub as an alternative instagram. I'ma not block this one ...
I feel pain even when I just walk too long.
"Yep I know that, I just mentioned looking into it to not have to give an explanation as to why I don't wan't to do the 5x5 :)"
"Funny story.

You don't get charged treason for going AWOL to a bodybuilding show."
"Damn, dude, you looked so depleted already, I can't believe there's anywhere left to go."
Hey man you look great but you really gotta work on your posing. I’d say you’re flexing but not posing. Look great but better posing will get you to the next level.
Lmao do people not know who Guy is? This is how he’s always been. He’s a stereotypical New Jersey prick and he’s unapologetic about it. This should not be a surprise whatsoever.
I should have told you this on my cut.  I watched the entire witcher season
I’ve never even heard the lunk alarm in my life 😂 and the one location closest to me doesn’t even make you have a mask on the signs are there but not enforced
"You may get more help in r/steroids. You probably tanked your estrogen with the AI (btw aromasin or arimidex are usually more recommended), don't know about your blood values without the reference ranges, but I think the test is a little below the lowest ""healthy"" reference range. It's likely that the test was bad but you may also be a low responder.

Tbh at this point the best option would be to do a PCT and maybe do a cycle later on, if you wanted to continue it you would need to first get a new source, then up the dose again, wait for the test to saturate... You would be too many weeks on exogenous test IMO."
"I quit coffee a while ago. I avoid all stimulants, with the exception of a squirt of Iced tea here and there."
Your shoulders and legs are amazing!
Your room looks like sheeeeeet.
I wonder if he has terrible back pains
"&gt;I'm starting my mini cut next week and jump straight into the programm. I'll go into maintenance work, try to maintain rep strength, get to know some exercises and figure out the working weight for some exercises.

My two cents but I would just train hard in the gym regardless if you're cutting/maintaining/bulking. Try to progressive overload every session. Repeat. But whatever works for you!"
"Finally, some good fucking legs"
Did /u/WalnutBlast hurt your feelings recently?
"Just wanted to say congrats man. Keep grinding, inspiring and teaching 🙌💪❤️"
John Meadows programs them at like 4 reps if doing working sets of 8-12.
"Only in an empty gym, oooo ahhhh"
Oh shit wall my guy you know everything there is to know. Go fuck yourself up
"Oh lol, yeah i was like this poor man isnt seeing his own gains."
"Hes like the tallest you could possibly be to do well on that divison, Keone is much better height with much more proportionate limbs"
"Who else loves Bosu ball single leg squat jumps?

Best exercise of all time I think"
I have 0 art ability and I was vaccinated so checkmate atheists.
"Yeah I saw it. So I'm not using any of the actual RP templates, I just use RP as a descriptor for that style of training (descending RIR and ascending volume).

It's very simple. Say I start a meso with 8 sets of quads (which is my MEV, minimum effective volume) at 3-4 RIR in week 1. I add 1-2 sets and decrease RIR by 1 each week until I reach 12-14 sets, which is my MRV (maximum recoverable volume) for that muscle group at 0 RIR. Then I deload. The RP templates go to 6 weeks I think but 5 is the sweet spot for me. 

Mike Israetel has a ton of videos explaining most of this."
Wrong sub
"Amazing achievment!
Care to share workout rutine?"
"Nah I'm getting my associates this time, bachelor's is next"
"Someone gave him ""dah wrong advices."""
"Okay that’s helpful. Ironically I JUST changed myfitnesspal to 3200. 

I’ve gone to 3500 the last couple of days and feel a little bloated and it may be too much. I’m also addicted to yogurt LOL. 

Thanks for the perspective though."
"Unpopular opinion maybe I hate being low bf/shredded. Hate the look, hate the feeling, hate the diet, everything. Would rather just sit at 15-17% and have a good amount of muscle underneath. It's the journey to get to that point though lol"
Read a book. Like an actual book.
The true secret to happiness is goth chicks
You're welcome.
"Haha now that you mention it I can’t not see it. Lookin like a giraffe in the side chest lol. I’ll have to add some kind of neck training to my off-season plan. Back, forearms, and neck gains coming up!"
"Looking great my dude! That's a solid physique, no questions about it."
congrats bby
I hate most of the fitness industry but John meadows is such a genuine nice dude
Wow. Looking great! Well done. Those quads 😲
"Sorry, I don’t follow."
drinking your cals tends to be the easiest way to eat a lot and feel less full.
😂 i wasnt here before im sorry for bein late
You have great lines! Brilliant proportions too
"$2/lb for potatoes is ridiculous. 

Yukon golds here are $0.39/lb. Russets are even cheaper."
"Congrats.  Stacked show with a lot of good bodybuilders, exactly how it should be."
"Then you’re good man , give us an update and good luck"
"I’ve tried his program today (creeping death II) for the first time and right now talking to my friends about Bulgarian drop set of death and how cool I feel after first workout. 

No way:( my condolences"
"Nah abs tbh Idk if I’m gonna. She ain’t a gym girl really, and ngl I’m not really into the “fit chick” kind."
This thread is starting to read like alternative Chuck Norris facts
Wrong Reddit but eat less and move more
67 weeks out? I respect the commitment
"It's like sex: you bust your net on every set, and keep pumping to stay hard."
"That great, glad for ya. 
But thats disgusting at the same time."
"Man, if you're holding it in I hope you find a way to let it out. You gotta process them feelings bb.

We're always here for each other, this is the way."
Shame yes not as humble as flex
It's crazy how just one-two days of not managing my potassium and sodium intake can lead to ungodly lower back pumps on leg day
"With New Years you see a lot of friends getting into the fitness life all wrong. 

I just stopped trying to help because some of them have a “coach” helping them and most of the time advice on fitness is not taken as advice but as critique.

A friend was taking a mass gainer and quarter repping squats, tried to give advice but he answered with, “coach says it’s ok so I’m gonna keep on doing it” 

Another friend it’s not tracking her progress on losing weight because  “her coach said it’s better so she won’t get obsessed with her weight”. I mean I get that but how tf are you gonna know if you’re losing too much weight or not losing enough?? I mean her body is gonna plateau sooner or later and she won’t know it because she won’t weight and measure herself “until the challenge is over” 

There’s another guy that’s “ on a diet” and eating really shitty food with no taste and in very small portions. I was gonna say something but fuck it, I’m not their “ coach” do what you gotta do."
Good luck bracing that long looool
Only if you don’t share
"Well howdy neighbor, hoping the hurricane doesn’t impact your life too much! (And hoping the gym is empty for you too)"
"Ah fuck, I remember OSRS when it wasn’t considered old school. Loved that shit - tried to get into it again during lockdown and just couldn’t (then again I was playing with a tracker pad on my MacBook)."
"Unfortunately with costs of moving I can't afford to, but the real gains goblin is packing shit. I can move most stuff myself but packing is a bitch."
Thanks heaps
My secret weapon to getting lean is good mental health. Underrated fat burner
"No because I still like food. I can still probably eat at a deficit or maintenance, but the work outs and mobility helps me actually shed pounds and not slow burn."
Would prob have better results with 4 weeks of gaining and 1-2 week mini-cuts if you want shorter cycles.
"After your newbie gains, you hit that plateau. If you can break that first plateau (which usually only requires consistent diet and training) you should hop on. I take that back. No one should probably hop on, like ever, but since you said you already made up your mind... yeah, go for it."
The Regan Grimes look
"Cheese sticks are super easy to eat, just takes 2-3 chomps"
That's the joke bb
Weird. Just makes me want to spit roast a lady boy with a donkey.
"Yeah, how old are you?"
"He recommends against this because his definition of high intensity is far different then the average gym goer’s. I’m on week 6 of CD2 and do have been doing the 6 days a week, and can admit that I’m only able to do 6 days a week because my intensity is still lacking compared to John’s. 

Try it out for a week, see how your feeling the morning after your workouts. If you’re hurting, take that day off like he recommends. You’ll be able to see how much you can do per week once you start the program"
"No idea how you did based on what you posted. That's all individual.

But, now you start trying to beat those numbers (or progress however your program says to progress)."
I forgot no salt was a thing
Classic for now but you definitely have the potential for BB.
My coworkers have always been beyond puzzled by what I eat at work. Everyday people would check in to see how much or how little I was eating that day
Height plays a very big role in bodybuilding. The optimal height is 5’8” because that’s how tall I am
pornhub is free lady
"Looking good from the front! Need to see the lower back on your pose, that’s where the last fat &amp; water comes off. Good luck!! 💪🏼💪🏼"
"Mate, nobody looks better from the back than Dorian, 2003 Ronnie is the only argument"
"i agree bud. why even start this. we are a small community, but all sorts of body types. obviously genetics play a huge role in how everyone can look, but so do hard work and dedication. why not feel proud of what you achieve? franco columbo, 5'5, awesome physique, and an icon."
Nothing in this world hits like some smoked fish
Well I’m looking at my window and a few flakes are still floating. Clearly you’re the fraud front running the fraud accusations by accusing me first. This is a setup!
Really great results in such a short time. Inspiring to see. Keep up the good work
well that’s always the plan isn’t it
Damn the disrespect lmfaoooo
"love all the podcasts. they're developing in their own way and I love (addicted) listening to both. that being said, him and luke had a special type of chemistry that I really miss."
"Sounds like a good plan. Just do as many warm ups as you need till foot positioning, ROM and bar control are all good with a low weight then start moving towards top sets too. 

When I began learning them properly I started with maybe 1 plate for a while but within a month or two I was at 2.5… one day it’ll just click"
Thanks bb
Lol his lats remind me of wings. He’s so massive
"Mostly just piss mixed with BCAAs, 1 or 2 litres at the most"
"No worries dude, still strong! Keep up the consistency and you'll turn that into kg's some day. Good shit"
Just make sure its not a meth high
Jay for sure hits like a half-vacuum in the front double.
"there's literally no possible way a human can look like this naturally. 

also

&gt;56-year-old Coleman revealed that he began the use of steroids at the age of 30 as he was “tired of getting his ass kicked [at competition].” He said that everything was legal in those times and the use of steroids saw Coleman increase his ranking and then winning the actual competitions.

do your own research"
pizda! Thanks
"Mad sodium pump , good strat"
"In case you play on PC, Cyberpunk is actually really good on it and definitely has a very good story &amp; feel"
"Ppl = better recovery, better for cutting, more intensity, less frequency, less volume, 

Arnold split = less recovery, better for bulking, less intensity, more frequency, (better one if you're enhanced.)"
Stim free is more for pumps I think
"Physic looks great! leaner is better than being rounded. I will say though, your expression had a little bit of a young Arnold and you definitely have his hair."
Yep
"shoot man doo, all things said and done I'm in the kitchen for 40 minutes when I break my fast. crack eggs, add seasonings, whip em up, clean the whipper, cut butter, melt butter, cook eggs painstakingly, make my massive smoothie, blend smoothie, do dishes, get interrupted for my scheduled bm, eat eggs, drink smoothie.

i could cut out like half of that if i put my eggs IN my smoothie. 

oh shit, what's to keep a man from mass boiling eggs and then slapping 3 of those goofballs into my smoothie? oh shit..."
John meadows DIED?! No no noooo
Cause no one wants to be a soy boy
Wonderful job! Your back looks outstanding
"The problem is that he's already maxing out his weight limit, there's literally 0 room for improvement. Unless hi downsizes his upper body in favor of the legs."
1 gram will be fine but you need to inject it directly into the muscle belly
Great calves considering his height. But I feel like that tattoo aint helping him.
"Self esteem problems while bulking as a teenager

I am currently cutting, but when I was bulking, accepting my own image and how others saw me was difficult...

I am only 15 yo/ and going from being loved by all the girls and admired by all my friends for my abs and muscular definition to an ugly and fat boy was not an easy job.

I was skinny as fuck but all the chicks liked it... I wanted to gain muscle so i started a bulk and then i got fat af. All my clothes got tight and i slowly realized that i had became ugly and chubby. I gained like 20kg in like 2-4 months aprox...

In the gym I felt great, I had more and more strength but all my friends joked with my appearance and no girl wanted to kiss me... In fact I did not pick up a single girl in 2020. 

Because of all that shit, my self-esteem got lower and lower ... so I decided it was time to change and I started cutting...

Now (almost like 4 months in calorie deficit) i feel good. Girls are starting to get interested in me and i kind like what i see in the mirror. My clothes fit again and I have abs... However i still dont like taking my shirt off that much...

What I'm going to is that in a few months I will have to start a new bulking ... But I'm afraid ... I don't want to go through the same bs again.

What do you guys advise me? Thanks."
thanks. Today was also my first time squatting with sleeves and this is also the first time ive ever buckled like that. Not sure if that would have any impact but i will def keep what you mentioned in mind.
"Now I know why women hate mansplanning so much. My dad thinks he needs to explain every single thing to me. What bus I gotta take to go to my hometown and where I need to get off, how to cook beef soup because only he knows how to really cook it, every single little thing he needs to explain it to me!"
"Ok bros finally cut weight down from 95 kilos to 68-70, took me two years, was really meticulous about dropping one kg a month to try and maintain strength, I have a powerlifting background but truth be told I’ve fallen in love with chasing the pump, also dropping all that fat showed me that I need to fill up my physique, hopefully the fact I’ve got my strength means I’ll be able to progress a little faster. Honestly, I’m glad I get to graduate Med school looking my best, but the last two years have been real tough working on the covid front lines, mental health could be better, physical health is looking good though. Old stats: 6”0, 95-97 kg, 240/155/290. New stats: 68-70 kg, 230/145/??, glad to join you guys on the joocy side, it’s interesting being an amateur again, bodybuilding really is a whole new game. Any advice or tips are appreciated. https://imgur.com/a/L9kktSq"
"Phil got a weird midsection man 

but he was shredded"
A lot of guys coming out of NK looking pretty small though
"Very nice shape! Enjoy your bulk :)

Edit: Remember to keep practicing posing!"
"There is NO evidence that lifting free weights stunts height growth. I brought this up to my pediatrician a couple years ago and he said it’s completely fine to lift free weights starting as early as 13, as long as it is done with perfect form."
"I was not sure about strap safeties before I got them but they are 100% an improvement. 

Only use my pin and pipe when I want to try and jerry-rig some landmine machine stuff"
Sure he is
That better be Jasmine rice.
"Yeah I think it's a mix of the fixed path, the fact it's a bit out ahead of you, and the unusual resistance curve"
That baby would have the most killer arm genetics
save your spine and elbows.
"You have figured it out, just like that lol."
I’d worry about malnourishment before a visible jawline if you’re 120lbs
"To clear confusion, the AMRAP should be 12-15 or form breaks. The 1+ should be 4 or 5."
"Wow, Good job!"
Ah yes aesthetics have long gone.
Bro I wish I could squat almost double my bw. Good going bb.
"Yeah that makes sense, thanks dawg

I’ve been thinking on this a lot lately and you really cleared it up for me"
UK offically back in lockdown boys! Doubt my gym will even exist when it reopens (if ever)
"I love my family, but I’m waiting for them to leave so I can at least somewhat hit my muscles before bed. I’m looking forward to my own place with a garage so that way I can still lift  when my family visits. Right now my workout area turns into a second bedroom when there are guests"
I think it good just fine. I think your being overly critical of yourself. Take it easy on yourself and enjoy having a youthful body!
Yep
"Fuck man. My job is starting to drain my soul. I work from home and it’s easy as fuck. I work about 3 hours a day and dick around the rest of the time yet I manage to be more tired at the end of the day. 

Worst part is my manager thinks I’m doing a great job so I have literally no incentives to try and be engaged"
Oh I I do lat pull downs super set with pull ups to failure
"No but I have a degree in physiology, growth plates close at 15-16 urs of age, any additional growth after this won't grow. And u won't get from drs unless u are well under the average growth chart"
"Anything that lets the hand move freely works the best IMO. The attachment I'd love to try is that one that is a bar with plenty of holes, where you can put one of this one hand grips, I think they have those in Matt Jannsen team's gym."
You shouldnt be on gear at this age I hope Im wrong but if Im tight you could really be messing up your hormones if you dont know what your doing again I hope Im wrong and youve just been training since you were 10
Just bought 2 kg of creatine and I feel like I have significantly and wisely invested in my future.
"Wrong sub, try r/brogress or the daily discussion post…"
That's true. He's conducted a lot of really valuable interviews.
20... shit you at least 35.
No criticism! Keep it going!
"It’s okay I think a lot of people did, as I don’t think my comment was too out of place or pointing out anything that wasn’t accurate."
"Belt makes it feel much better, also if you’re like me you get winded if you do high rep squats, so maybe going heavier for lower reps would work better for you"
I have been stoopid low bro
Did you end up trying it? If so I hope there was a new/better MMC
"Thank you, I'm also the same weight but taller so not as thick.  Just wanted a frame of reference."
Fair enough! I’m hella depleted right now and coming in flat... this was after the carb up last show[pics](https://www.reddit.com/r/Soosh/comments/oyz9xb/9_days_out_from_the_debut_show_baby_21m_63_200lbs/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)
No confidence like completely unearned confidence. Staggering to me every time.
"I said wild, not wet :D"
does anyone else like the way that cigarettes smell?
I just thought maybe cut to about 10% then lean bulk from there.
Damn that’s great!!!
Well ofc it’s particularly true in BB considering every other sport is objective
The fact that this isn’t photoshopped is fucked
Good luck!
You look well congratulations for all your genetic gifts
I've got one of those in my gym too. Crazy how I always end up working out in front of it.
"Yes, especially since I have long arms"
Great time for body building if you have a face only a mother can love.
He came to chew adderall and crush weights...and he's all out of amphetamines.
"hemp hearts are [retardedly good for fats](https://gyazo.com/b0e1ad906a13f8fad423309904e8e84f)

weird texture tho"
"I've seen quite a bit of improvement with chest supported T-bar rows, using the pronated handle and having the elbows close to a 90° angle."
Hope someone calls him out for this on the podcast
"Love him or hate him, hes one of bodybuilding greatest icons and the most accomplished bber of the 21st century bro"
"Reddit is the biggest circle jerk followed closely by Twitter. This sub is the only redeeming part of the whole cursed website. If I see one more post fellating a particular public figure, I'm going to have to take a fork to someone's eye. Now to put all of that into being swoll"
"Ikr it's brutal, first it got moved back 4 weeks only to be canceled 3 weeks later"
"I don’t know about the sleep part, but I wish I didn’t drink as much as I did. 30y ole me and my liver have never recovered (medically)."
"If they’re genetically blessed power to them, but I don’t make rules that cover every exception that’s retarded. And if you have shit genetics, sucks. Take drugs then, that’ll get you past that since if you think your advanced, drugs and knowledge will push you past your shit genetics. In case your wondering too, your dead on intermediate."
Pec flys at different positions work great as well
Ya son get after that fat girl cootche like a starving raccon trying to get into a trash can
"I've only done ""extreme"" weight loss once when I was 17 and went from an obese 240lbs to 155. Other than that I usually gain 10-15 lbs during bulks before I think I'm getting too fat and start cutting. My cuts are standard at 1 lb a week. I usually start at 2200 during a cut and lowest I'll go is 1800. I usually don't go that low though since I'd rather just stay 2000 and add cardio instead. 

In any case it's not like those levels were taken mid cut, they were taken mid bulk."
This feels kind of sarcastic but it could just be the lack of carbs 🤔
"Sleeping it off is the easiest way to pass the time. I'd black out all the windows, keep your phone charged in case you need emergency services on base. Minimal food. Don't forge to wake up and stretch some."
"seriously underrated, looks like a modern shawn ray"
Lmao
Nice one Iskeezy! Looks like a fun thread.
Looking good. Weight?
slept weird and I can't move my god damn neck
If 5 years of lifting are casual for you
"Yeah but you're tall.

I just created an indisputable equation for what constitutes ""big biceps"" based on absolutely nothing.  At 6 feet tall, 17"" biceps look good.  For every three inches below, subtract one inch.  For every three inches above, add one inch.

So if you're a 5'3"" manlet, 14"" biceps look like some friggin pythons.  If you're a 6'6"" Chad with 18"" arms, you're actually small."
"Oh ok, here we have the option of either in most shops, but the nice solid crust is much better. I've heard American bread was sweeter than normal which seemed weird to me."
"Well, Flex really only looked good at a lighter weight. He won his pro card around 215 in weight. And was about the 230ish for the 93 Ironman, and 216ish for the 93 Arnold about a week later. And about 218 for the 93 O. At the 1997 Arnold, for which he training with the aforementioned Shawn Ray, he was about 224, and was soft in the glutes and hams. He was about 235ish at the 98 Arnold, maybe a tad more. Flex’s body type is about the same as Brian Buchanan, Melvin Anthony, Cedric mcMillian, and Lionel Beyeke. They look better at a relative lighter body weight. Their structure/genetics are not like someone like Ronnie Coleman or Chris Cormier. 

Think about it, Flex looked his best at 215-220ish, at a height of 5’10! And even Dex told Melvin to stop gaining weight, or he’d lose his aesthetics. But Melvin didn’t listen. He didn’t want to weigh less than he did when got his Pro card.

Shawn Ray competed forever at 205, and was barely over 201 pounds back in the early 90s. His conditioning got blurry when competed at 210-215. He was basically a lighter 212 guy. Roelly, Dex, Lee Preist, Brandon Curry, all weigh significantly more than Shawn Ray did, at roughly the same height."
You look like the chad ant from bugs life
"Sodium is love! Assume you're talking about jamón serrano, it's quite a decent option, you can even remove some of the fat from it if you want to cut down the calories. Too bad it's quite expensive"
"Jesus fucking christ, what the living shit is Nick's bowling ball bis. https://www.instagram.com/p/CLnSu6ClaX8/?igshid=1kizrtgjn3ukz"
Great hams but you need to externally rotate your legs in the BDB and FDB to show of the quads more.
"Been enjoying the updates on your progress. Sick calves, conditioning is looking great"
No
"i agree he should begin now, but its kind of a dick move to tell someone whos been depressed for years that theyre making excuses"
Been like that for a while you just have to be selective with the subs you go to. Once a sub gets bigger the quality always goes down.
God I love that podcast. Only thing getting me through this cut lol.
yeah pretty much every one night stand ive ever had
Wrong sub…
"Lol even his head is a block
 Poor guy"
"Get those gains, remember family &lt;gains 

You don’t take your body with you to the grave but you do leave your body behind. So leave it in a giant coffin"
Personally I love it. The 5.0 and 5.2 are my two favorite V8s when it comes to sound.
How's your cut going?
Your dogs want you to play with them... look at him just there with his toy just looking at you.
"Thanks bro, I will. For me this set repetition helps me really push hard. It feels right but I’m new to lifting so idk if its wrong or not lol.

You think this is a good plan/setup?"
"It’s whatever man, no big deal. I just thought it was funny and was just playing around when I brought it back up, doesn’t really matter. I don’t actually mind answering questions or anything."
Thanks mate ;)
"Just wish they'd do a full remake at this point, aka RE2. Also no multiplaywr for 3 :("
They’re actually pretty common amongst competitors
Not many photos yet but I'm sure this sub wanted updates. Wesley looked good but I wonder if the division has caught up to him in terms of freaks/quality ratio.
"Hey, same birthday as you.  Happy late bday!"
I'm jealous. What else are you planning on adding? Have you gotten the MAG lat Pulldown attachment yet?
The one with the best cock-to-ball ratio
He’s cool but I never wanna hear dancing in the goonlight again
You ever hit legs so hard all your vascularity in your legs disappears?
"6 days a week is fine.  Chest and back together seems like a bit much; those are two major body parts.  What I do is Chest/Shoulders/Biceps, Back/Triceps, Legs, Arms/Shoulders and then repeat.  Just throwing it out there, I like it."
If Chris ends up getting in trouble for the gear bust (praying he doesn't) breon looking very poised to take back the title.
Wrong sub
"Fuuuuhhhh

Man that sucks!  I subbed to his IG and youtube for his great advice.  RIP"
"I honestly don't get why redditors are attacking you for a tattoo, it seems a lot of people like having a random excuse to attack any man that seems more  confident and successful than them. A sizeable portion of any subreddit aren't really going anywhere in life and are peak redditor ""amirite, ann frankly"" pun making weirdos.  


It's weird that all these people lashed out at you for having a tattoo and then when you respond in kind you're the meathead  idiot.  


Sorry for having unfair attacks, you have done great with your progress."
Damn dude! Keep up the hard work!
"Well, it's a rare opportunity for the anorexics to not be the center of everyone's attention. Jacked men are the only people who it's even more woke and fashionable to call out for eating disorders and unhealthy habits than it is for thin women. God forbid we start dealing honestly with the eating disorders that our modern population actually *has* in appreciable numbers, and that are actually killing people by the millions."
Thanks I'll look into this!
I like how they completely called his bluff charge and he had to skulk away to the Internet to whine about it.
I usually save about half my preworkout and sip it throughout the lift.
"He hasn’t competed in 18 months, I’d sure hope he’s bigger than before with all that offseason time."
Nice comment to prevent dickpics in the DMs. Well played.
"In all honesty, I don't understand women like that. I've experienced the same and I ask, ""Why are you dating me then? Seems like anything I say pisses you off.""

I'm African American, but it reminds me of if a full-on racist person was interested in me, but resented it."
"Yeah Dallas in particular has a lot of places for like 1200 a month. The DFW area is more like 1500. But yeah Austin is cool as hell. It has a different vibe than Dallas and the people collectively are so warm and friendly. There is a pretty big fitness culture there too. Welcome to Texas, brother! I'm sure you'll enjoy your life here."
"That thing looks like a beast! Kinda makes the jcups look super small, or are they rollers?"
Worst thing about this is how the days get shorter and shorter. Those weeks where it's completely dark around 5pm are absolutely depressing.
Are you joking or serious? Lol cause 1 cycle damn sure won’t make you look like that
"What an asshole. Who the fuck publicly shames a stranger like that, especially at the gym?"
Dude like 9/10 people would put out for a burrito and flowers and the other person isn’t worth your time.
"Lmfao I’m sorry bro…. It’s just hard not to when the prices are stupid low, got a pullover, vest, long sleeve and new utility joggers, all fit like a dream"
"Hey man, LISS is LISS, doesn't matter what gets that heart rate up!"
I think it's deload time in a desperate ploy to stop my lower back from being a big fucking bitch.
Calves are even crazier.
Appreciate it!
No thanks Jeff
Yes. Yes I did. Did the ankle movements for it
"cutting tip: instead of showering, lick yourself clean. The germs and bacteria provide extra protein"
Cash in on those breakup gains
Damn that chest is impressive
"I'm basically doing one cup a day now, I like how it tastes and fairlife has hella protein."
Looks good bro 💪🏽 depends what your goals are but at 6ft I would be at least 200lbs
No. Got that Gym Life balance
How much do I need to pay you to send this to me once a week?
"Wow lol your question and then showing a screenshot talking about coolsculpt or other non-invasive lipo... ""thinks surgery is is ok"" ... get the fuck outta here.

What's next, she gets Botox in her armpits to stop sweating and you call that implants?

But to be actually on topic - plastic surgery and bodybuilding - I think if you can get away with it then why not? BB'ers been using SEO for decades upon decades, and if an implant can do the same without being horribly obvious, why not? If someone has jagged or otherwise unattractive teeth, would veneers to make a big pearly smile be unfair? Why? Hair transplants after you sacrifice your hairline to the Tren Gods? Colored contacts? Where do you draw the line, and why would it be a bad thing?

Many women lose their tiddies leaning out for a show, implants okay? Why not, given they have a great surgeon and they look good and fit the frame?"
"His conditioning will be the best on stage, this man has been on basically carnivore diet for the last 4 weeks lmao"
This has been a pathetic conversation. From both sides.
"Alabama prospect devonta Smith measured 166lbs at his pro day. How could someone who had acess to a 37,000-square-foot weight room be that thin. Taking that Alabama weight room for granted smh."
"Id agree with that lol but also, we know creepers when we see them look at this thread. They need a bit of self awareness then the rest of us could relax a bit maybe."
"recommended way of applying progressive overload to do this? Also recommended ppl type setup to go w this? I’ve lurked this sub forever and have only seen conflicting responses, some say just do madcow 5x5, some say nsuns531 is the best and others say it’s dumb. 

I’m doing a linear periodization program with lots of accessories right now, but it eventually tapers into pretty heavy weights for 1-3 reps at the end of 12 weeks, and since it’s by Ben Pollack i’m p much just taking his word that focusing on increasing strength in this way is optimal compared to just adding weight when possible. Question is, is it actually? Would adding weight/reps whenever possible inside a rep range i stick to give just as much strength/size gains? 

Been stuck at 250 bench for a while and essentially neglected squat and deadlift after having no upper body upon finishing strong lifts 5x5, and constantly stuck between this idea of training for strength vs training for aesthetics cause i just wanna be a greek god ffs

Appreciate the responses :)"
Built bars not bad. Macros are pretty legit.
Nice job on the win! I think bringing up your arms and delts would take your physique to another level.
You posted a single relaxed photo of your front upper body ... not exactly enough gauge if you are aesthetic or not.
"Doesn’t look like ass work to me, looks like back work."
how to get arms like you?
"Your waist is definitely not Chris Bumstead’s but your V really makes it look smaller. Just watch the trunks so they make you slimmer, maybe place them lower and I’m sure you’ll be taking the gold home."
"im sure this is a common feeling among early 20something year olds but could i get some reassurance? i feel like im having a quarter life crisis

just graduated college with a degree in a field i have no interest in, 20k in debt and making $20 an hour in a high cost of living area still living with my parents. I'm feeling really pressured to move out but I feel like this isnt the best choice financially. Just got denied for a job after a final interview and feeling demotivated to go through the whole sending out my resume/doing 3 rounds of interviews thing again. just feeling really overwhelemed and like im nowhere near as ""successful"" as i should be. is it gonna be ok? lol"
Wtf can he even turn his head???
"Anyone else love tattoos, is completely covered in them, but fucking hates them on bodybuilders?"
I love the fish scale reference. Thank you so much.
"you have pretty good structure and great looking abs but try put on 10-15 lbs of muscle and if you really wanna win your gonna have to live like, wake up eat meal prep from yesterday go school/work eat meal prep drink shake go gym eat meal prep and depending on if your near comp eat another meal, and even then you probably wont get 1st place ive seen my cousin in comp shape he was groggy tired(even when he forced himself to get 10 hours a night) and he didn't even place in the top 7 he never competed again cuz he didn't want to waste months on trying to compete when he could work harder in university and relationships"
If it works it isn’t stupid. You can theoretically get a good workout in lifting rocks.
"Yes I use the tape measure because the scale is just 1 tool and people get overly reliant on that.  I'm down to a 30"" waist, when I've gotten down to to 31"" inches right before shows."
"Arnold wasn't narrow, he had a big waist lol"
Aw come on we’re all friends here!
"Honestly, this the peak age for bodybuilding. You have so much natural testosterone flowing it leads to insane growth"
"If she worked a decent program with good compound lifts, her ass and legs will improve infinitely more than with doing something like strong curves/bootyful beginnings.  She can work a program and even throw in bb hip thrusts on ancillaries day or with accessory leg work."
"1. Pretty hilarious that this is an actual pose lol

2. Its literally impossible to see any progress here due to totally different lighting (flat light vs a strong downlight). 

3. That said, you look pretty thiccy and i would indeed bang.

4. you're welcome, DM me for my onlyfans discount code."
"&gt; I mean energy output.

was very tired on Monday, then got super hungry on Tuesday even after dinner so I have to have sometihng extra to keep it down."
"Highly debatable subject, I'm on the failure train🙂 that's what makes me feel like I've worked hard. Have you tried deloading once I a while?"
Well then your username is nice and relevant here.
Yep. The whole reason I love lifting is so I can test my limits.
He’s gotta chill with the dumb clickbait titles tho
Yeah that's the issue. Reheating it is garbage. I use thighs instead of breasts for chicken and 4 days later it's just as delicious as freshly cooked.
"Yes why not. You have decent size, thick forearms, you are a good height too."
Squash/cordial is a decent trick. Doesn't give the same bloating as carbonated sugar free soft drinks but still a sweet kick
What’s your lat routine look like?
i totally agree with this. I used to buy from bodybuilding but not anymore
"Anyone else feel like you look better a lil fat? Like, in a shirt at least. I'm tall and have got long lanky arms that make me look perpetually skinny in a shirt but I think I cracked the code. Get a lil fat. Push 210 instead of the 190 I usually sit at. Who needs visible ab separation when chest and arms are looking killer in a shirt... Just uhh, can't ever take this fucker off. My belly looks like two twinkies shoved next to each other and my titties are starting to get a lil bounce to em.."
Black Entertainment Television?
Even 20 milligrams of cocaine is pathetic
Stay humble but know your kicking ass bro.
Yeah exactly
"Yes, though every cycle, you can cut slightly increase your target weight. 185 to 170 to 187 to 172 to 190 to 174 etc"
Check out Barbell Medicine’s content on pain and injury rehab. Helped me resolve shoulder issues on bench.
Jesus dude. 246 is like dream weight. You're a big boy.
Definitely congrats! Good stage presence too!
Idk y you’re getting downvotes lol good on you tho
"Honestly you can train with bodyweight and do a lot of endurance work untill you go back to the gym. I dont see a reason to not train even during lockdown.  


I personally started working out again after 7 years and i've made more gains last 9 months with bodyweight and basic exercises with w/e weight i have rather the 6months i powerlifted the last time i went to the gym.  Let's see if manage to get thta bitch ass muscle up before gyms open cause i'm scared of my shoulders still due to old injury."
"Interesting. Try it, tell us how it goes. I’m interested to hear your results."
bruh his weight cap was like 170-175 in classic which solidly puts him in the 5'5 range. i doubt someone could lie about their height in a show cause it would vastly change their weight cap......
Which is pretty shit pay considering how dangerous bodybuilding is as a sport.
Look at the arm length difference lmao. It's definitely scaled in Flex's favor
I'll have to look. Thanks. How does the fat content of skinless chicken breast compare to thigh?
Heck yeah my man keep up the good work 💪💪
Lol none . Dennis James
Thanks for the support homie
"okay thanks, follow up question do I just switch to 1700 on the spot or is there a way I need to ease my body into it? I've heard that upping calories on a dime like that can cause your body to want to store fat, sorry if it's a dumb question"
"Something I drew tonight.

I feel like my arm anatomy is accurate here

https://i.redd.it/oql60sbv51d61.jpg"
"When JM says do several warm up sets for something like a single -leg hip thrust, would that mean at least 3 sets on each leg?  Usually, he specifies if it's 2 warm up sets so I interpret several as 3 or more.  No wonder these workouts take forever to finish some days!"
Damn. What's your plan to do 7lbs a month?
It's a huge deal! Tell her to reverse the roles. Say for example she was feeling insecure about her big pussy lips and you went and told your boys and you guys nicknamed her roast beef for an entire YEAR. Regardless if it was before you were dating it's still rude and indecent
I'm that weird twat that likes Bran flakes. Come at me.
Well my apologies for being wrong about the first two guys. I didn't realize that they're being open about it now nor did I realize that gymshark is allowing their sponsored athletes to openly talk about gear use.
So we dont have to see his dick and asshole?
I misread your initial question and edited my post.
"I haven't had this problem for years but for some unknown reason my lats just aren't getting worked anymore, squeezing and pulling back and tightening from all angles possible, nothing"
Thanks! Good feedback
"Wow, bro, that was so fucking funny and relatable"
I think he still looks good tho
She lost a bet
Keep up the hard work. Even if you didn’t have the genetics you could use roids. I’m not telling you to but a lot of those builders do. You should be fine you’re not even in prime yet
"Giving off mad ""leave her alone man"" vibes"
Nah his back looks like mine 6 months ago before I started training back properly lol. Pretty sure he's posted about not being able to connect mmc with it too
"Thick, solid, tight, etc"
I’m a big fan of communication and not mind games.
Dat ass tho……
"Title: Strength training anatomy
Author:  Frederic Delavier

It’s a good book !"
"Thank you! Great advice :-). Yes, I've stated working on stomach vacuums - still lots of progress to be made though."
"Better hop on that finasteride son, asap!!!"
I was trying to cut at 1500
Pre is pretty consistent about giving people the shits though? I just came off a four month no caffeine break
"Bruh, my dad doesn’t support me bodybuilding too, he doesn’t want me to go to the gym even 😂"
"Nah, we said perfect Male ‘physique’ not perfect ‘bodybuilder’. Most people would rather look like Jeff than Ronnie."
Hmm ok good to know. Is there any other exercise you would replace/add?
"Honestly it sounds like you're not consistent enough with your leg days. If you had been consistently hitting minimum of 1 leg day a week since 2013 you wouldn't be having this issue.  


Maybe I'm wrong, but to me it seems to be the obvious problem."
"Decided to get into crypto

-found a good coin with good future

-invested couple thousands

-hold for 6 months

-missed 3 peaks and good sell opportunities 

-coin suddenly peaks and sell for 2x profit

-it peaks over 9000 and lose 20x potential profit



Ehehhe no more crypto trading for me fk this"
Failed 365 today. I won’t fail next time. Triceps need work
Nice try natty deepstate. We don’t get CNN in my intj roider compound 😎
"Second MPMD as well as Kevin Mann on YouTube they have me this protocol. 

Current hair loss protocol is finasteride at 1 MG everyday (do your research before starting) minoxidil 1ml every day, derma roll once per week with a 1.5mm one (skip minoxidil on this day) and I have ru58841 on hand for the times of year where I shed more. This has really helped my hair loss and starting to see growth again. Name of the game is starting early for preventative measures to keep what you have which is alot easier than trying to grow back."
Not enough to bother considering.
Turns out posting weak point Wednesday is the mods weak point
Whey with seltzer? What the fuck? Are you a psychopath?
Lmfao
Wrong sub…
"He would be top 6 in classic or 212, but he could win 212 if he put on more mass."
u think u where little i was 5'8 and like 100 pounds.looking at those photos again i looked half dead
"Oh yeah, I’m not saying it’s just strictly females. I’m more than positive males are the same exact way. I’m just a dude looking for females so I’m just speaking from experience."
save your spine and elbows.
"Amen! Thank you so much, the positive words and support from people on here is incredible. I don’t mind sharing at all, just remember I come from anorexia and so some of my methods may seem a little extreme or weird.... I had high discipline for my diet starting out when I made the decision to “lean bulk” and get healthy after a several year bout of anorexia, I would eat nothing and work 5 days, only drinking water, and binge eating/drinking every weekend. Longest I fasted was 17 days on water and was 128lb. Extremely unhealthy. I always have been big on cardio and walking, nowadays I average 8 miles a day year round with some days hitting 15-20, huge advocate of LISS cardio, I sprint occasionally but not more than 5-10% of my days mileage because it hurts my back and I see too many old fat people running which means it’s not working well for them either lol. So I love walking... constantly moving and avoiding long periods of sitting is important to me and so is stretching, when I started lifting I focused heavily on flexibility. I did not want to get big and lean, but not be able to touch my toes or scratch my own back due to muscles in the way. So every day I stretch first thing when I stand up out of bed, before doing anything. Just basic palms on the floor and hamstring stretching intensely for 2-3 minutes. Never have skipped a day. Can hop into the splits on command now lol... so next i started with basic body weight exercises, lots of plank, and push ups mainly. For first 3-6 months, then bought a condo with a gym, and workout in the gym 3-4 days a week for weights, and do body weight exercises 2-3 days a week. Spend about 2 hours in the gym or when doing home exercises, I own a dip bar, pull up bar, and an ab wheel. Today was push up day, so I did 30 mins in the gym this morning just doing some bicep curls, shoulder presses, and 3 point db rows. Then did 300 push ups in the evening in sets of 25-35 with slow negative movement. Tomorrow is ab day and back day. So I’ll do 3 sets of 20 ab roll outs, and then hit gym and do lat raises, a variety of rows, and hot obliques. My diet has been consistent over the past 2 years as extremely high protein, very low fat, high carb. I aim for 300 or more grams of protein every day, less than 50g of fat per day, and I’m pretty lenient on carb intake, aim for 180-200g a day but sometimes carbs go higher. If I eat too much on a heavy lifting day and I decide to take a rest day, then I’ll intermittent fast for 2-3 days to balance out the negatives in any overages in my weekly macros. So basically, stretching every day, walking 8 miles every day, playing Pickleball, and doing some form of exercise every day where I’m maxing out a different group of muscles has been my goal. Biggest challenge for me has been not to have panic attacks when I look in the mirror and see myself as fat. I know I’m not but am overly critical of myself and care about aesthetics more than strength, my worst nightmare is waking up and looking like a heavy power lifter or guy who dirty bulked too long and just looks fat. That would be the day I lose it. Hope this helps, also hope you don’t ever have to struggle with an eating disorder or body dysmorphia, God Bless!"
"If you half squat, you die. Ass to grass"
It’s bodybuilding lmao what you expect
I swear Instagram ads read my god damn mind it's horrifying
Was joke bro.
"GL bro, let’s get that first call out!"
"He's right friend, have a read of the wiki on r/steroids for general knowledge, seems you need it.

The main thing it says is to **not** take steroids before 25 years of age, you've got many years of successful natty training to get though first."
Do some yoga. Down/up dog really help stretch me out.
The one thing I miss when working out at home.
"Back after work today baby, been loving hitting back heavy"
Damn yall arms and shit blew the fuck up.
"Dude im pretty much in the same position as you, dont wanna go below 2000 but fat loss has almost slowed down to a halt and im binging on shit every couple weeks lmao. Im even thinking of ending the cut because of the same reason, dont have the size for it. Idk why im even writing this but its nice seeing someone going through the same thing."
Thank you!!
"I feel amazing on DHEA I don’t understand why, but could be a placebo affect it’s the only time I don’t feel like shit on a day to day basis. I don’t even feel as good on this test - dbol cycle now. Granted I did start off taking way too much arimidex."
I don't care at this point tbh haha
Thanks bud and how can I get hold of them ?
"Nice, im still waiting on permits for my
Place"
"true, he trains like a powerlifter."
"I’m in the US too. Either way, thanks for trying."
Already there bro except the jacked part haha although I recently shaved the beard cause it got annoying have to work in a mask all the time &amp; cause I wanted to see what my jawline will look like as a reach low BF% for the first time since like high school
"You look like it's sounds that you have a hot potato in your mouth when you talk

But great arms"
60 grams of protein? Take a protein shake to add cheap protein to your diet. 1 gram per lbs is good.
Haha
"Haha, I can't unsee this!"
injuries happen even with good form. Especially at that level of competition.
"I’ve lowered the weight,increased the reps, and upped protein intake; I’m seeing mad growth. 

Dudes speaking fiction 
 About  lifting because At 4 am I’m the only one in the gym getting my shit in."
"Man I know the Gold's here is a pretty normie gym but the people they hire as trainers is seriously depressing. It's gone from fit, in shape people and active competitors to a bunch of DYELs who look like they need to be worrying about themselves more than trying to train others"
I’m ok with that
That's why I said they grow based on demand
He looks like an action figure. Awesome
Hoping on it my man! Thanks for the support!
I fucking hate waking up in the dark more than anything.
Hahaha
Carrot Top stopped tanning
"To be fair, 
1. You are sexy as fuck 
2. You probably know how to talk to women lol"
"Great v-taper and overall structure. You'll go far if you keep adding muscle gradually over the coming years. Compete, get some useful feedback from the judges, set a goal, and use the feedback to make progress incrementally. Good luck."
Such a disappointment Arnie!
"Thanks man!  
 I'll try hitting mostly upper chest then, would something like 20 sets/week be enough?"
"Trying to build stamina back on cardio, ride out to the intercoastal waterway bridge after work even through i didn't feel like it. got rewarded watching bay dolphins feeding at sunset. Sometimes the universe throws you a solid."
"Isn’t he big on using the rower for fitness? Maybe that’s why, not sure."
You’re telling me to stop training them aren’t you🤔🤔
"Agreed . A lot of the time most people loose like more than half the gains and have a shitty period after it .

Which then would make sense to use a even more aggressive approach because if it were up to me and i knew that i was gonna loose like half of it and have a shitty life for a couple of months after it . Then i would just do no less than 1g of gear lol"
"Do you want a pat on the back for taking the super mature, educated effort of typing a paragraph of text before purchasing and consuming illegal 'so called' drugs?

I recommend eating less and trying harder."
"Man's got airpods in his back, holy shit-"
It’s a no for me dog
"Yeah looks good man. Don't overthink it. As long as you're progressing with your lifts and eat right you'll see results.

Consistency is what matters the most, not the program"
"Hahaha got it, So females don't need gear to look lean."
"Very nice guy, and everything you see on IG is how he trains every day. It’s not just “for the gram.”"
"Yay! I met u/zhululu on one of these threads and now look at us! 🥰

[IG: BrazenMaiden](https://instagram.com/brazenmaiden)"
Nd that’s clearly what I’ve been arguing... the “look” and how you “pose”
the stair machine is like butter. You need it every day.
"Pretty surprised by the progress I've made by doing random stuff.

I have adjustable dumbbells and an adjustable bench in my room. Maybe two months ago I started lifting again. And by that I mean mainly doing dumbbell curls, shoulder press, and incline dumbbell press. Talking 5-10 sets of each throughout the day or over the course of several hours. Sometimes I would be watching a show and do a set at the start of each episode. And I'd do this maybe twice a week

My weight has fluctuated a lot during this time too. From 180 to 168 to 175 to now 185. BTW I absolutely have not been eating properly. My Macros are wack. One day ill eat 100-150g of protein. Maybe not eat the next day. Maybe get 50g protein. regularly eating at 500-750 deficit. Then binging on high calories and protein for 2-3 days. 

Going for 30-60 minute jogs 2-3 times a week.

I honestly cant believe actually progress was made. I love my noob gainz."
(I cheated and bought weightlifting shoes)
That’s gonna look good on his resume
"Not really. Lots of people put just as hard or harder work and don’t have anywhere near his level of trap development. At his level, and training age, his trap advantage over others in his level is largely due to genetics. Same reason Ronnie Coleman had insane biceps compared to everyone else but rarely trained them. Are you going to tell me his biceps were due to intense curls?"
Might as well eat bread bruh! I do eat Daves Bread though...not a good example.... that shit is packed with all sorts of stuff.
"I'm a big NBA fan, and one of the first things that came to mind is when people post an offseason pic of a player and they're like ""whoa, he just put on 30 lbs of muscle in a 4-month offseason!"" Then we see him on the court and he looks the same lol. I'd have to see other pics/vids because the angle and shirt is weird."
I enjoy drinking sparkling water it gets me full and I love the bubbles.
Why do people have no sense of curiosity? What's wrong with knowing for the pure sake of knowledge?
Definitely AIDS.
"Nah but if you get a big enough chest it isn’t the end. Always looks kinda weird, I think Josh lenartowicz is the best example of a pro with a lot of muscle who had this"
I'm busting your balls. You have a good physique but modeling is way more about your face imo. So I couldn't really tell ya.
Bruh I got addicted to this shit in the last couple months. It’s pretty wild
I get better MMC if my elbow is more like 45⁰ instead of right up against my side.
"It's no secret that the majority of bodybuilders have eating disorders. Id argue that most start bodybuilding because of preexisting disorders that they may or may not even be aware of. I think the reason it's not really talked about is because it's just part of the ""sport"" and what drives us to these places is usually very individual and personal. It's also usually not a good idea to bring some of those topics to open forums like this because people can get triggered and some very (very) poor advice gets given. Bodybuilding forums should be focused on the good and healthy aspects of the sport. If someone is really struggling and chooses to reach out, imo, it's best to point them in the right direction and let professionals do what they're there for."
"Any one else’s in here scared to run shit cuzz of all the recent deaths in bodybuilding? Currently on 300 mls test enth, 200 mls of eq."
Wrong sub…
You fell for the oldest trick in the book.
"Jesus Christ guys I’m sorry I didn’t post weakpoint Wednesday yesterday I was too busy ranting. But to be honest, y’all don’t really participate in them anyways so idk why we mad they didn’t get posted. If you think credentials is a problem, that probably means your just too small to be giving advice. And if not many people are willing to post creds, maayyybe there isn’t a whole lot of great advice coming out of this sub? Idk just thoughts. I’ll get back to them next week but I hope they get more participation."
"Ow yeah that’s the next big thing ! But hell sure these girls are only in the gym cuz they look up to wrong role models online . They neglect everything but some glutes. I don’t even know why this annoys me , i mean they got nice asses and all and it’s good for testosterone production. But I can’t access my weights ."
"Nobody believes you, you're a bitch for posting this by the way"
Dress like regan grimes. He looks like an action figure https://www.instagram.com/p/CN7561yjyW7/?utm_medium=copy_link
Be better to see the back pose and in better downlight but that said I feel like you are probably in a good place for bikini (expectedly a soft conditioning class)
"I use the Strong app in the gym and when I get home, I put the numbers in a spreadsheet."
"Training to and past failure is taxing and accumulates significantly more fatigue than straight sets with reps left; if you're doing intensity techniques on multiple exercises every workout it's unlikely you'll recover, which means they should be periodized in your program. It's often said that beginners and intermediate lifters don't need to go to failure to make good gains but advanced lifters will."
Does a duck with a boner drag weeds?
"$200 says he'd look better than you without juice.

Do you think people can run faster than cars? Or is car racing just cheating to you?"
Honestly nothing hotter than a latina goth girl
"I’d also recommend Dragonball Z Kai, an edit that takes out a lot of the fluff. Dragonball Super is great as well, but you’d have to watch DBZ first. FMA Brotherhood is good, One Punch Man is really fun, and while it isn’t “anime”, the Last Airbender is a great cartoon show."
"It’s all good man. Like I said, was a fair question - no need to feel bad at all."
pickles are godsend
Totally is. Research backed too. Basically just thrusts and bulgarians but(t) they work great.
"Imagine being 17 and yolked?  Fuck you.  I mean that in the most respectful and positive way possible.  Good on you man, you're a beast."
"bodybuilder special sale ribcages for sale @ alibaba sale 

real human bone, decontaminateds for certificate authentic includes

use discount code 10PORCENTS for 10% off and free ship guangdong warehouse"
Like kratom
Is that show worth it? I'm marveled out after endgame(thought it was wack) but like I said I loved infinity war. Also I heard the Wanda show was lame
just call him a loser and move on
"Fittit is repulsed by the idea that you ""need"" to do anything to reach a goal"
"Is it common to suddenly hit muscular failure out of seemingly nowhere for certain exercises? This keeps happening to me with DB bench press. For example:  

Reps 1-4: good, smooth reps  
Rep 5: ok, slowing down a bit but nothing too crazy  
Rep 6: quite a bit slower, but definitely should be able to get another one at least  
Rep 7: boom, failure."
Pay attention for the other parts of the body
Looking insanely good
"Yea you've got a point, there's definitely a limit to how lean you can really be day to day without juice, but sometimes that limit is peak looks, sometimes. He looks like he'll be more than okay without juice. Also probably the biggest thing for me is the fact that you didn't put all the work in yourself, and had help from doping. Now i don't care if others do it, but i would much much rather not look as good as possible but still be able to say all the work done was purely my own, but that's a whole nother argument."
"He's also talked about how much he loves bodybuilding, his wife does it, his brother in law and pretty much his life revolves around and it and he loves it


In those pictures his face looks like that because it's competition day and the shit you need to do to be at your best conditioning that week is insane so of course the face looks like that


Doesn't enjoy competing lmao, please go do research instead of making up things about people"
"Do a few cheat reps, srs. The same way you have to bounce a little and use a bit of momentum on your last reps of lateral raises."
Super nice bod!
"Honestly, it's barely even a surgery.  Electro sclerosis knocks these out easy, it takes like 30 minutes tops, you're conscious the entire time with just a bit of local anesthetic, and you go home with very few restrictions.  With how much everyone talks about them and how distracting they are from the musculature of his lower leg, I can't believe he hasn't gotten them taken care of yet."
No.
" it's a bodybuilding sub, it's fine to post your pic publicly. people can give you better advice if they can see your physique instead of going off your subjective analysis"
"Hmmmm I have a relatively high tolerance, used some fairly high stim pre workouts, hyped to see how good the pump is tommorow for push day"
"&gt;low effort dickhead

Lol I’m definitely using this description in future"
You’re welcome
"You're welcome. Just remember, its not only increments in weight that define ability, strength and success - technique and the varieties there are, are what can challenge you even on your usual second set reps and weight. Good luck!"
Let myself go for a month pretty much. Prep starts tomorrow am quite excited.
imo it's holding well for the amount of gear he uses
"I think it was given to me when I was nervous about getting my star rating, and ""trust your gut"" was in response to me deciding to submit pics."
"Checkout jordan peters hes got great info, im pretty sure he talks about splits on some podcast or something"
Probably true! Just responding to the question
"That time during the cut when you're around 11-12% or so and you've leaned out in various areas of your body and fat in others - I absolutely hate that period.

When I shredded, I feel small but at least I look great to normies and feel somewhat good about my physique.

When I'm bulking and I have fat on my abs and back, at least I feel like I'm on the up-swing with muscle and strength.

But that point where you've cut a good all amount of fat but aren't shredded? And you are busting your ass to maintain, both muscle and strength. The fuckin worst."
Nice shoulders
Yes to all of them besides steve. He mainly does informational videos as far as I know
You’re gonna do great. Experience is what it is all about.
"I try to avoid new facts, as it's been stated - [every muscle is a language not learned, a fact not memorized](https://twitter.com/w_guppy/status/1345886037042753536?s=19). I don't need to sacrifice my gains for knowledge"
cause he’s on tren and ready to fuck a light pole if needed
Fuck! Does that take 2.5 hours ?
"This is like 99% accurate. Out of sight, out of mind, amirite"
Right. Thanks for clearing that up
Big moves. It’s great seeing nationally competitive people here and you’ve put in the fucking time.
"1. This sounds like you're describing your dream man

2. Why is your wrist so long? Your own description makes no sense, &amp; your inability to provide proof of you being in any way fit just tells me you're full of shit."
"Have PR'd on shitty days more than once, those feel awesome. Really good lifts btw!"
You look awesome! Keep it up
Sounds like it's going as it should then!
Not with my genetics no.
"Idk if this is common sense but I can’t find a clear answer for this.

All the way down on leg press or not?
And I suppose squat too, but I think I’ve come to the conclusion its very popular to go as low as you can on squats."
You could do 1-2 TM blocks and then CD2
“Used to squat like you till I took a barbell to the knee”
"That’s a good way to look at it. I know I’ll never be a Phil Heath or Chris Bumstead, but I have really high expectations for myself to a point where it seems unhealthy to most people. As of now I want to see how far I can go in natural competitions."
Stop Posting Shit Read Rules
"I mean assuming your 10 lb loss wasn’t taken as a low point at the start and a high point at the end (but rather a weekly average), I don’t think you are in a 1,000 kcal deficit. When you start dieting you have metabolic adaptations that occur. You could be an extreme case especially since you (I am assuming you started at maintenance, else the entire discussion is absurd) slashed 1,000 kcal from your daily energy intake. Your metabolism slows slightly and your body adapts by burning less calories through decreased overall movement everyday. 

To say it simply, assuming everything you said is accurate, you are not in a 1000 calorie deficit. Assume a lb of weight loss is roughly 3,500 kcal and do the calculations yourself for how many days you have been in a deficit and you will find your energy deficit."
It helps when you upload the code you fixed....
I don’t like Phil or his attitude but Gosh darn that is an absolute perfect physique!
"I was doing a deficit that helped me lose alot of fat around 25 pounds in total but i lost a couple pounds of muscle, despite protein intake being normal.  Is this normal?

Edit: the main issue being that during my deficit i feel like i was losing too much muscle."
"As a natural you can build a physique that 99% of people think looks phenomenal. Spending a lot of time in bodybuilding culture, however, is likely to warp your perceptions and make you see that kind of physique as ""just okay""."
"6'3"" over here champ and I feel ya. Certain exercises put us at a mechanical disadvantage, deadlifts really suck with long legs and I feel my long arms make it harder to hit my pecs effectively with heavy weight. Not to mention having to pack in a shitload more food - I have previously been 94ish kilos bulking at 3900kCal. That's a LOT of poopin'.

Bodybuilding's a lifelong pursuit tho, etc, I mean 18 months to two years is really not that long in the grand scheme of things. Plus - I'm just guessing - neither of us would trade away our height for more gains if that were even an option."
"I get thar this is the wrong subreddit, but wtf is wrong with these comments? I mean, chill the fuck out."
"Oh, gotcha sorry about that. Yeah I agree MP should rewind the clock about 10 years and go for more of a zyzz/jeffseid look. Especially in the shoulder department"
I would say that it makes him more imposing yes. I am honestly not sure what judges will make of it but I don’t see it as displeasing. Rock that god given tree trunk of a neck.
gonna buy my 4th tinder boost this weekend. you can say that I’m getting serious
"We need the link to the original comment where he said that shit, I tried looking yesterday but couldn't find it."
Good luck
In the mind lol
"hmm, I suck at picking out Abs &amp; Thigh stuff, so I really don't know. I think this is one you should just opt to *not* twist on though. if all your poses are twisting the judges could notice, but if some are fully front on and still look great then they can wave it off."
Thank you so much for this. Will definitely incorporate these into my warm ups. Was also thinking about putting 5lb plates at the top of my feet when squatting to counterbalance it. Would that help?
"Ross, TJ Maxx, Marshall’s, etc. Huge selection all for less than $10 each."
Pretty sure Aromatase inhibitors are a thing...
Ultra Paradise (green) best one
"Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I’ve just been lifting. Here’s an autograph for your brother. I wrote it on this shaker bottle cap

And what’s this shit about us meant to be together? That type of shit stays on r/bb in the comment section"
Still pretty good bro
Someone link the thread pls i need some laughs
"I like to count to 2,222."
But there is hope retard just pretend that the stairs machine doesn't exist
Lol my federation specifically has banned the moon pose for classic physique competitors. Gotta wonder what made them put that rule in place
Thanks a lot means a lot! Time to grow!
Yes.  5x5 would force you into a disciplined and consistent regimen with consistent and aggressive progressive overload which will yield much better results both short and long term for someone with your level of training.  Worry about hypertrophy when you reach intermediate status.  Cause its going to take more than 30 minutes 3 times a week.
Wicked vacuum man!
"Great work, but not bodybuilding."
"Lol, I never said 319x3 would hurt, I said straining my pec hurt. I've done 225x21 before on squats. Then I did seven more sets to failure. I wasn't even close to crying. I've done 225x30 on bench press and 315x16 on deadlift. None of it hurt at all.

Acting like going to failure is some sort of extremely painful experience is laughable."
Please review Rule 6 in the sidebar.
Amazon
I have so much anger towards Greg Doucette each time one of his vids is in my recommendations and I don’t know why
This guy is something special. And we are all witnessing it unfold.
Ikr?! Who the hell would think of a BSS dropset??
"The shreds are impressive and you still look muscular, congrats!"
I find very hard to visualize a normal human skeleton is under all that muscle mass.
With dumbbells or smith?
I think Rami is like 5’11”. He’s definitely taller than 5’8”
Would be cool if social media posts would have to disclose if the photo contains photoshop or if the subject is taking body enhancing drugs. Kind of like how advertisements and sponsorships are required to be disclosed. However that would need an open discussion on steroids which I doubt most politicians would be willing to do.
How would fear of confrontation apply here? Do you mean people are too polite to break up before it gets toxic??
"Goddamn it, I know I shouldn’t pay that much attention to how much I lift but I’ve been struggling with 225 on squat for ages. I used to be able to hit 10 reps with the weight but now I can barley get 3-5.

My legs look way better than they used to back when I could do 10 reps but I still can’t control the fucking squat movement. I blame my hips"
"idc anymore, I will fuck this fat bitch with everything I’ve got"
" You know what, You're 16, you're definitely not winning first place for classic physique with cutting 3 weeks out. I think cutting 3 weeks out gives you more time to grow. I gonna go opposite with most people here, continue follow your coach. You're definitely gonna look the puffiest in the competition, but you're 16!  you gonna need plenty of time to bulk and build muscle. Enjoy your first competition!"
"Yes he will not be beaten for at least 2-3yrs

Dudes got it all"
Thank you 😊
"No, it's that they set extremely high standards that they don't hold themselves too. I'm all for setting standards, but don't expect better from your partner than you do from yourself."
"Looking good for 17! I think 8 weeks is kinda cutting it close, but this first prep is going to be a huge learning experience regardless. I think you’ll be fine. Good luck!"
Anyone with huge quads and small calves looks like Pitou charging up to jump far
Eat in a caloric deficit daily ... boom. Weight loss status achieved.
This better be oil that my gym bros can lather me up in right before they give me an orgasmic massage
Series of fitness tests lasting about 5 days with. Distances ranging from 5 to 10 miles carrying weight
"Not too shocking, I think some of the things he preaches regarding lifestyle and health are good, but his whole persona and his more trendy videos kinda irk me."
"You would ideal split them into 2 dosages for better absorption, but with something an mundane as a multi, the difference is negligible at best"
Absolutely insane for your age. Open up those scaps and rotate your elbows back on that back double. You’ll look wide as a house!
"Jay seriously has the GOAT hair and skin genetics, sheeeesh"
"Guys, so I just had an intense leg day and my hormones were shot up so I had to nut. I know my testosterone levels automatically dropped but will they go back a little bit to where I was at after the workout or did I ruin my workout by nutting?"
Cup deez nuts
"&gt;Feel bad when you actually hit something.

Even then, if it's your car and you only clipped a post in a carpark or some shit then just laugh and move on. You didn't hurt anyone, or damage anyone's property other than maybe a small dent or scratch on your own car."
I love Gamma Bomb but the rest days on the weekend kill me. I need to grow/rest but I just wanna lift EVERYDAY
Yup exactly. I’m much more focused on form and mind muscle connection these days than trying to push as much weight as possible.
The juice isn’t worth the squeeze *for you*. Who are you to decide that for others? If they jumped on then clearly it was for a reason.
Yes
Given his sudden death at such a young age I’d say don’t do steroids and hgh
"Definitely not new in America, can't speak for other places."
"Either lying about age or lying about being natural. If it's the latter I hope roids fuck you up, specially balding so your ego go down low."
ohh you did a great job on yourself !!!
"Wow my point really went over your head huh.. I’ll try again.

He literally is taking drugs to suppress his immune system on purpose because he has a kidney transplant. You may not know that so I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt. So vaccines are going to be extremely ineffective for transplant recipients.

Vaccines don’t have 100% effectiveness. Against the original covid strain it was in the 90%, and for the delta strain it was lower so it does happen.

Listen, anyone talkin about VAERs that you’re listening to they’re being disingenuous.

Makes it “abundantly clear” cause of the VAERs data? You understand anyone can report something right? I can say on a VAERs report right now that me and all my friends penis shrunk by 80% after taking the vaccine and they document it. You can say anything on them. There is no governing body that approved any documentation there anyone can post anything and it’s all excepted. It’s not from doctors or hospitals. You can just go onto the website and say anything. It’s incredibly unscientific. It has some value tho…

You can have a good of people who are super anti-vax to bombard the VAERs system with fake data and there is no system that weeds out any of the BS that people just make up. 

And yes there are plenty of people willing to do that to push their agenda."
"Had forgotten about Dallas McCarver, super promising both because of his frame and his work ethic."
"I definitely will, but at the same time I'd like to prevent as much degradation of myself as possible so I'm likely going to add test + whatever else I've got spare of 

Also I've been thinking about trying BPC157, cause from what I've heard, it's pretty good for tendon and ligament injuries"
Dev here. This sounds like a pretty basic task. I do shit like this all the time. If you really need it I can help you out. Won't even charge you for it.
Sweet. What flavor do you have? I just ordered salted caramel and mocha because they have a 50% sale.
It sick
Happy Birthday to the Quadfather!
"They’re both definitely much closer to a Y framed physique. They have small waists and high, large flaring lats and very wide shoulders. X framed is more like Breon, Ronnie, Flex, Phil, Kai. A Y framed physique is more like Chris, Arnold, Serge, Sergio Sr., Frank Zane. Patrick has more of a Y frame because his waist is small for an Open competitor, but his waist isn’t small enough and his lats don’t flare enough to be classic. He looks great, but he wouldn’t do well in Classic."
Wow never heard of this guy but with slightly more quad he'd shit all over today's classic physique guys.
"Thank you so much man, you just made my day. Your words of encouragement are greatly appreciated. Lol I was joking the other day about taking photos working out and drinking those fair life milk protein shakes, and getting a sponsorship for unlimited fairlife protein shakes, I could easily drink 5 of those a day, but cost $4 a piece so that doesn’t happen.... lol"
"Hello, it me. Chesticles have improved. I now only do incline bench and dips and close grip bench"
"I’m not one to be like “Everyone who has ever touched an AAS is going to die in their 50s” but I wonder what the average number of years the bodybuilding lifestyle takes off someone’s life, not just the steroids, but the GH, estrogen blockers, increased weight, amount of food, and constantly alternating between gaining significant body weight during a bulk and cutting to low single-digit body fat percentage levels."
So much agree!
"Man this bot is a miss 99/100 times and I have it banned on subs I mod, but gawt damn was this worth it"
No nutrition info in this sub?
dudes always want hop on gear when they are young but I think it would be hilarious to do my first cycle at like 55
"""Luckily you have two"" -/u/Condishun"
"Used the good girl machine for the first time, my groin feels weird."
It hurt
Yeah about bodybuilding. You said it. He contributed nothing to Bodybuilding. He created your synthol generation of social media influencer. Jensthebeast and all your other halfwits that would rather shoot a fuck ton of seo than put the work in.
Thank you so much. I know my coach is huge about a plan for after the show. Did you have a hard time with that transition overall or did you still get stronger and like you body
"Are you even interested in bb? Or any other sport? It’s just like in football (the real one). Young, talented individuals gets hype. What is it that you don’t understand? They are both competing at the Arnold"
"All I remember were super spicy takes that he’d place in the top 5 or so in his first Olympia. And then when he placed like 16th, no has said anything like that. 

Maybe they get downvoted? Do you have an example of the most recent year?"
Wrong sub bro… try r/brogress or r/twinks if you want some love
"Unfortunately, I haven't been able to find that."
"It was a joke, why are you seeking validation from online strangers anyway? If some randos tell you that 6kgs is awesome, will you stop trying for more? But then again, you're telling me how tall you are like without anyone asking says a lot. Peace mate"
Here...let me get that stick up your ass for you. Seems to have made you a sour-puss.
Thx!
Yea that can totally happen. Good physique BTW bro. The acne honestly looks improved over the last photo you posted up here iirc. If you can get your hands on retin-a cream that shit works wonders for me and isn't as harsh as something like Accutane orally. It'll also improve any acne scarring/discoloration.
"Lol, fair enough. Sounded sketchy as hell though you gotta admit"
"Hey can yall PLEASE do this survey for my stats class. It's worth a fair bit of marks and I appreciate your investment in my education :) Tell them Paul sent you. God bless Rich Piana. 

[Survey](https://forms.gle/dGcNULmDtzLNLDiZA)"
"Bros,

My progress has been pretty poor and I've always ran 5-6 day programs with at least 2-3x frequency and always mostly powerbuilding style. I've ran PPL, PHAT, Jacked and Tan, nSns programs and currently one year of Average to Savage by Greg Nuckols. I've trained for 5-7 years.

I gain a lot of fat when I bulk and then I seem to lose almost all the muscle mass I've built despite training hard and copious amounts of protein (3x BW in grams), even though I'm pretty small at 180cm, 71kg body weight currently. OHP 57.5kg, bench 90kg, squat 145kg, DL 180kg. My pressing has always been garbage and a year of doing some sort of pressing 5 days a week hasn't really brought me results.

I was thinking I could perhaps try 531 but maybe that's just another strength focused program where I'll just be doing more sets of 3-5. Maybe I should just try something completely different? What kind of program do you run if you have pure bodybuilding focus?"
Butter and oil is like a putting something in our drinks
"That's a pretty sick pump man, you're getting close to that 4th star"
Left. Easy
Doesn't make sense to be on top of your shit making a hobby super job like for 5lbs of tissue a year (if that)and still get mogged when you wear a shirt
"Looks super good, just need more size. At least he's got a shit more he can gain before he reaches his weight cap. if he can take off season as seriously as prep then he due to be major problemo."
"his back is relatively weak, the difference when compared to his competitors is pretty obvious"
Thank you! Excited to get shredded
Expect a super sus looking peak day 👀
Yeah I’ve also gotten 2 days after injection 2X weekly and came back around 800
add in eating sushi &amp; being obsessed with dogs and you've successfully described every girl i've met on dating apps
damn thanks
"Cutting gets harder the longer it goes, not the other way around. You can try different meals or foods to find out what gets you fuller but eventually you'll be hungry at some points of the day, no matter what.

&amp;#x200B;

In the meal you posted you could try adding some veggies and swapping the toast for potato for example, should make it more satiating."
"I love mass monster so I say go to Open. Either way good luck, great physique."
"Oh, weird. Thanks for the info and congrats on your hard work!"
Must be nice having your own gym you can work out in whenever you want patron free
"I would kill to be able to do a 4 plate Yates row, Jesus man are you some kind of professional competitor or something? 😉"
smh where is @rangersfan
12-15% you are looking pretty lean
everything under a gram a week is natural
Who are you referring to on this just curious
I’d like to use the Smith Machine...two old idiots standing in it talking. I’m moving in!!!!
take a SHOWER you mean get PISSED ON by my FUCKING HOUSE?
"Yeah ikr but I don’t want to take too much calories because most of the time my gym and field train is at morning time and I don’t feel comfortable to train with fully belly, that’s the point actually. But also I think freezed fruit is the best option I guess"
It’s truly hard for me to believe that this subreddit has a million subs. Where are they?
"Hitting incline dumbbell bench w/ 65lb dbs for the first time. Shit is hard, but getting into position is the hardest part for sure.

Trying to make sure I do more db work to prevent imbalances."
Met him in Vegas in 13. His hand swallowed mine completely. Such a huge boi
"&gt; Honestly the best thing would be if we could remove morals and experiment with all this shit. For now I think we can really just have theories and beliefs, which won’t always align.

Yeah, that would really be something and I wish that would happen. These drugs are incredibly fascinating and we could always use more literature. When we lack sufficient data those different paths form out of anecdotal evidence of which we’ve both taken some different ones."
I miss being in a relationship
"Good shit, haven’t listened to them in a while because it’s been like 6 years but it feels good to listen to them again."
And the caffeine is still a No Bueno too
"As someone who worked in a gym with lazy fucks who didn’t rerack shit, I can imagine."
Yea I’m pretty sure you could download the template off the CDC website for a while.
"Does it hurt when you do barbell?

For me I can't use barbell I have a hard time turning my wrist EZ bar or dumbells feels better"
"Best things to buy from Bulk Supplements?

Also if anyone’s knowledgeable on Turkesterone what’s the difference between Gorilla’s Turkesterone and Bulk Supplements Ajuga Turkest Extract?"
It’ll be tough but you’ll get through it mate. Best of luck.
Thanks
"Another lovely day in paradise.  Hit a pretty good leg and core day at le home gym:

4 x 10 atg pause back squats at 225

4 x 10 front squats at 185

4 x 10 weighted lunges at 155

Beachbody Insanity HIIT 45 mins (This shit kills my calves and I need the cardio.  It's the resistance and cardio one which is like the hardest out of the series.  Actually being athletic is still among my goals and I like these DVD's)

4 x 12 hanging leg raises and ab wheel rollouts

Decided that I'm gonna be shooting for a small deficit to do a slow cut.  Here's cronometer from yesterday didn't quite his my protein goal but got pretty close (Also I don't track all my vegtables and little stuff that's mixed in to my meals I just try to get the general idea).  And current state of my legs:

[https://imgur.com/a/fs2B30K](https://imgur.com/a/fs2B30K)

I think this summer of this fall I'm gonna run low test and var.  I want to see if I can get down to a lower bf% first.  One thing that bothered me about cycling before was that it became pretty obvious that I'm on gear to anyone that's around me for long enough.  It effects the way my face looks and everything.  So I'm hoping running a more mild cycle  will combat that.  I'm deciding weather I want to continue living with my parents while I'm in school or move out again.  If I live with them it will be a necessity to do stealth mode.  Idk maybe I'll just move in with my boy and run 500 test C and turnibol and get huge lol  

As for my personal life I've been seeing this girl who lives on a farm and I got to hang out with her horses the other day.  Horses are fucking cool y'all."
"Sorry for being so quiet on here lately guys. Been moving my family, prepping and a lot of client work!! Thanks for the support as always 🙏🏼"
No u
Ah yes the rules. Gotcha 🤘🏼
That she doesn’t enjoy it
"him and Flex called Big Ron ""The Big Nasty"" also"
ronnie looks and sounds like he’s on that good shit
"Ty mate, will try that!!"
"I honestly think a lot of that was noobie gains. Lifts went sky high compared to what they were when I was 153. 270lbs*8 -&gt; 360lbs*8 for leg press, bench from 165-195 for 8, no idea on deadlifts yet. 

Overall I saw a lot of progress, mainly I think because I took 5 years off from lifting and got back into it 6 months ago. I can’t tell if I’m stalling for bulk or just getting fat, but lifts are definitely starting to become stagnant even though I am improving form immensely"
"Bruh, i am trying to cut. And these 2 slices of bread are the only carbs i consume."
bro Steins;Gate is my favorite anime.  I’ve watched it like 6 times and gotten all the plats for the VNs gahhhhh
"Stop feeling sorry for yourself, your height ain't your problem with woman it's your mindset"
"God I hope so, I started at 155 and I'm basically the same leanness if not leaner now. Will post an update in a few months."
No
Thx gonna look into these!
wow guys I got an email saying that I’m finally receiving my security deposit of £650 from my first apartment back when I moved out in 2018
Now hold your sass pose. Fabulous.
"I was really hoping John Meadows would have noticed it, since he has his own appreciation for clever shirts."
Hi Lexi! 😁 I love seeing so many friends here getting ready to compete. I’m so excited for you. Definitely your best yet!
"Yeah you’re right, focusing on that seriously in my next gaining phase"
Good thing you're here to defend the big bois honor
"I agree on the main problem. People think if it isnt *""organic grassfed ultra premium premade whatever bullshit™️""* then it isnt healthy enough and/or too inconvenient... so they give up and revert back to the standard diet of random food from the fridge, pantry, fast food. It sucks cause its core the stuff is really not complex or expensive, but people have kinda been convinced of the opposite"
"No fap is not masturbating at all, semen retention is climaxing but stopping the semen from coming out"
Yes
"Dope, I appreciate that advice. Super good explanation."
Gay is cool now bro
"It seems like steroids will accelerate a lot of things in your body. Diseases, aging, growth, etc. it definitely makes your mental health much worse especially if you already had a illness"
Am I missing some context
"Highly respected mighty mice Jeff Nipturds and DOCTOR Mike Palestine have done some research on full body splits. 

[Check out Doc’s work here](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dEwXwTWAcrw)

[Jeff Nipples science based jargon vomit here](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=nxisr1AalNc)

And remember, volume and intensity is most of the equation in these splits."
Good job man
"This is gonna sound really negative Nancy, but you will have a very hard time putting on the size you'd need to fill out that frame without a ton of food and 💉

It's definitely doable, look at Thor's giant ass self, he was a skinny basketball player and then turned into The Mountain. You just have odds stacked against you the taller/lankier you are."
"It means they want you to open https://www.dollskill.com/ and buy them any pair of shoes

Follow me for more tips"
"sick ab cuts, and damn those calves are full-grown cows, awesome work!"
It is pretty surreal!! However some pretty big guys train at this gym
"You look great, definitely not being sent to jail(:

Your arms are crazy, I love the shoulder striations &amp; triceps. Congratulations, well done."
I am confused lol I have not made this mistake
I can’t currently use anything unfortunately all PED’s are very nephrotoxic and arent worth risking additional kidney damage/dialysis. High levels of even testosterone is nephrotoxic/toxic to the glomeruli. In a normal healthy person moderate PED use wont elicit a noticeable amount of kidney damage - but in my situation the risk to reward ratio isn’t worth it. I get blood work biweekly and my current test levels as of last month is 738  (250-1150 range)
"Yeah I'm from the UK too

[Kingsmill as an example is 2.7g](http://www.kingsmillbakery.co.uk/our-products/5050)

But as said above the vast majority of protein from bread is gluten, as as we know [gluten is a poor source of... anything really](https://www.health.harvard.edu/staying-healthy/ditch-the-gluten-improve-your-health)"
"I would just Google ""how do I stop being an idiot"""
Lol yes. Big Ramy I'd so aesthetic
it looks like 4 bros having a good laugh and chat. that is beautiful!
thanks man
"Just because it isn’t causing you pain now doesn’t mean it won’t when you’re older.

Please don’t give anyone advice on stuff like this when you have no education on it."
"Lee wins in arms, flex wins in everything else, especially back"
That must’ve been hard on her
Reasons why I gotta learn to use excel
"God I really want a Popeye’s chicken sandwich. I could get one right now since they’re still open, but it wouldn’t taste as good if I got it Saturday instead. I might even get three of them"
U need a hug dawg?
"Congrats on your wins and performance man! I'm relatively new to this subreddit and the sport, but I could tell from your posts how much work you put in to this. You 1000% worked your ass off and killed it on stage. And protein donuts? Those sound amazing."
So we all gonna act like it wasn’t the steroids that killed him ? Ok then …
Im actually just curious if abs like that are more genetic or u can build them for more mass
The answer is generally yes
"It’s worse today since the Internet is a thing. Now not only do I have to hear retarded Twitter takes from feminist dance theory majors from my own country, I have to hear the same stupid ones about my country from people whose opinions don’t even matter in another country. Reddit just amplifies the stupidity and interjects it into non-relevant subs either intentionally or under the guise of not knowing (looking at you, r/outoftheloop). I’d like to have seen the Internet during the Vietnam war."
I did 36 hours once. Problem for me with IF is that it made me binge. Even with 16-8 hours so I don't do it anymore.
That's insane. Good work.
"Sure, the sidebar/wiki says ""For help picking a program, use the [Program Picker website](http://www.rohitnair.net/pp/)"
"What a profoundly weird question 

Google is your friend. /r/steroids wiki also"
Roids? Please. Try getting off your couch once in a while instead of being mad at a kid for being in better shape than you.
You think too much my bro. If u feel good u look good
Are there no competitions that are very strictly natural?
Yeah but its my parents and I don't want them to see that i go to therapy. I would rather them think I'm doing fine.
"You gotta take my word, but if you don’t like sour candy then I’d say that fruity pebble cereal bars are the best"
"I like the guess, “they have the same body fat %. What is different is the lean mass.”"
"I need help with my cutting process.

I’m asking a diet question because I’m lost with my cutting process. I found my diet and went slowly from: 373 carbs, 90 fats, and 188 protein. My ending results are: 250 carbs, 60 fats, and current body weight (190). I went down 50 carbs, 10 fats and watched my protein levels. Is this going well?
[body pictures](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1-THS5eXLGj8O_mEhyhS9GM87UJVuf-wR)"
"No, I ain’t gay like you bruh"
i doubt ill ever need another bag after getting my king kong one
"Thanks, bud. You as well."
"Don't say *even* Arnold. That's like saying ""Even John Holmes had a bigger penis than that."""
I had the same problem. What helped me was I would push back my last meal till about 8pm and make sure it was 600-700 calories so that I was full/satisfied and had no calories left for the day.
"That's fucking disgusting, gross douche"
Regular pasta has like 3-4g of fiber per serving which is 3-4g more than white rice
Wtf is this serious lol
Well... Hard to do pre judging and make comparisons when someone cant hold a pose.
Have this sub's mods all gone AWOL?
"That’s what I was gonna say, he’s still super good looking, he’s just frowning"
Is it great like 40 Rock or Scrubs great?
"Throwing in 4-5 more quarters on top of his would really take it to the next level. 
It’s a passive dominance. 
Just get your reps, bro."
"Yeah i think i'd just have a couple of ads just to make enough to keep it running. Just randomly thought of the idea today ahaha, so gonna keep asking around to see if other people would use it"
Thanks man I appreciate it a ton
it's good but their business ethics are terrible
"Being on a diet since November for losing weight, and contest preping since February, my mind is going literally crazy, I am hungry all the time, adding salad and zero calories sauce.. and still got 4 and 6 weeks left.. hope I make it boys"
"There's no debate. The guidelines are pretty clear. 6 feet apart, wear a mask and they're not going to change for at least another year or 2"
Lol that level of weight would squish his chest back down
"Lol I was considering posting progress pics but now I have a better idea. Wait for someone to call me out about my physique again and hopefully I'm like 245 lean by then and I can just hit them with the ""orly"""
"Lol, same. I’m pretty short but I’m wide as hell with decent muscle mass and muscular in the right places but I could stand to lose about 45 pounds. My midsection is looking fluffy af, but it doesn’t show."
I feel like he was better off retiring at the Arnold instead of signing off at the Olympia considering how much he downsized between those two showings
"No I have no idea what warlock is I'm afraid. I just use a generic (but modified to my personal needs) PPL program.

I'm saying that you're asking ""is 8 sets each of biceps and triceps enough."" To which the short answer is ""depends on you but I'd probably increase volume slightly particularly for triceps"" and the long answer is all that I typed above.

But for the sake of simplicity, the TL;DR is no matter how you do it, I prefer triceps to be trained more frequently than biceps."
Thank you! Planned to come into the show coasting and it's worked wonderfully so far.
Thank you Mr. Meadows!
"Thanks bro!!

Koreans like to keep fit overall. A lot of people go to gyms, and some of the more serious-casuals will even take their SBD lifts serious. 

As for bodybuilding shows, yeah there are a ton. Especially nabba, pca and another called fitness star. But the majority of people that compete compete in like sport/fitness model categories where you don’t need a ton of muscle, just need to be peeled. So a lot of competitors are natties. I wouldn’t say bodybuilding is underground, but it’s definitely not main stream.

Powerlifting I’m not sure about because it’s not my scene"
It's weird that you think you're owed him telling you about his drug use.
Ain’t no way in hell you were 245. You look like you’ve stayed 190 your entire time lifting.
Thanks and I hope so! Haha
That's a weird way to spell birthday squats
Yes there is
I do plenty lol just not built as matured as my upper half is. That’s just bc I’ve only been weight training for 3 years. Hopefully they’ll grow eventually😂
Have you ever had to derail from your regular training for a bit to address a weakness as some sort of side quest?
Sweet thanks
"Beefy. Good luck with your cut, brother! 😉😏😎"
heart failure?
"Fantastic, man."
"""Extra slim please"""
"Anyone have a retarded gym bro routine? I want to actually try one, always done strength focused PPL programs and my strength is good but man are my arms lagging."
Wow what’s ur cycle?
Thanks man ! It’s unbelievable how powerful it is to consume BCAA intra and Post workout
Thank you.  I appreciate the kind words :). I'll definitely be sure to have it the whole time!
who tf gets a left trap tattoo?? lol
Whatcha doing for them legs? Nice!
Haha that sounds more like it! Enjoy your birthday! Excellent food choicr. What beers are you having?
"Kill your lifts, stop and enjoy life, your life matters. We’re all going to make it brahs ❤️"
its pretty low for a young man i think cuz my father(40) was 650-700 when he had his done. i suggest talking to ur gp about trt
"Haha thanks man i really appreciate it, arms were actually a weak point until i blasted them with volume last bulk, good to see someone comment on them now. As for insertions i actually have rather short bicep and tricep insertions, looks like i have no triceps if i wear a shirt with a short sleeve thats actually a bit tall lol."
"RPE 8-9 is pretty challenging, though? RPE 9 is literally 1 rep shy of absolute failure"
"""only affectionate when he wants to fuck"""
Meh I’m guessing around 14-15% hard to tell with that lighting. Don’t wanna be too generous by saying 12%.
Aaahhh fuck! Pulled my levator scapula yet again today. Hurts like hell
Why the fuck wouldn't you do this research BEFORE you start? Which for a start should be the r/steroids wiki
"I mean, people see stuff like Blessing's left shoulder and still don't call it out. I still think a lot more pros than what the average fan thinks use site enhancement stuff."
Looks ready for the Ruby classic
It’s like he has a circumcised head
"Nice! Yeah I see it more in the linked pic, just threw me off when I read the title. I’m the same height so I was trying to imagine it. I’m not even close to that weight, much respect for doing it and then putting it on stage. Takes a shit ton of work."
"Nah I'm aiming for mod fat, high carbs.

https://renaissanceperiodization.com/case-high-carb-massing/

It's HCLF from here, but I'm giving myself a bit more leeway with the fat (I'm 170 and aim for 50-70, typically fall into 60-65)."
I am desperate for some hcg
"&gt; Also: I mean fresh ingredients, like raw meat, vegetables and so on. 

Weigh it out and use the same entry in the app for that. For example, for cooked chicken breast, I use whatever comes up for cooked chicken breast. Usually they will have both oz and g."
So you're just buying a ready pancake mix?
Looking more like 8 weeks out.
"You can try it, some people enjoy it. I just know it’d be a wasted session for me personally based on how weed effects me."
can’t answer that but i saw a pretty hot girl working at the one i visited
"Standards can change and people are free to criticize these changing standards. Based on the logic you presented, it actually is possible that someday men's physique competitors will be bigger than classic competitors, since standards can change and ""it seems weird to argue the bigger guy shouldn't win"".

I do think the current men's physique guys are too big for what I would want the division to be. I think a guy like Andre Ferguson should represent like the max size for a competitor."
"Yeah I'm definitely not on a mission to get hella shredded.  Like 10 lbs tops is what I'd lose.  I know that long term I need to put on mass so I can get a bigger upper body that accommodates my frame, but short-term I sorta just wanna get cut for the sex appeal.

At the end of the day I think I enjoy being strong too much, and that in combination with the fact that I have lots of room to grow means that bulking to 220+ will probably be the move I make."
Those tricks are pretty sick tho ngl.
"No, he looks like a proper cunt"
"Thanks man. I used to eat a ton of junk food back in the day before I started working out, maybe I’m just not used to eating like this yet. I’ll try what you said though"
"Me wanting to eventually take good physique pics had me going down the rabbit hole of [/r/photography](/r/photography). They talked about how cameras have gotten to the point where for portrait pics it doesn't really matter what DSLR you use, they're all going to be good enough, it's the lens that matters. You mentioned some lens sizes in another post, and I have to say that the 135mm bokeh effect looks really good for portraits."
"I guess I can’t complain then either because I couldn’t fuck a girl no ass tbh. I still view them as women though. 

Guess it just sucks that it seems like most women don’t like short guys while flat ass girls obviously still get guys no problem."
Yeah we are lucky in that we were able to buy a home in the number 2 school district in the state and pay ridiculous taxes so our kids can get ahead. As soon as they graduate we’ll be out of this district for sure.
"Girls use hormones just like guys do, in far less quantities. So, I think the same concept applies. 

I think bodybuilding is very difficult, of course, and if it’s considered a sport I’m cool with that. I’m not the judge on what is and isn’t a sport."
"Stop overcomplicating, none of that will make any difference. In normal people, last meal should be done whenever needed so that digestion doesn't interfere with your sleep."
Where do you work out? At uncle gym. Okay then.
"Bros, am I being a selfish asshole if I don’t want my girl to move into my house because I want my personal space and alone time? Also, it’s only been 4 months since we started dating and I feel like it’s too soon. I just feel bad because her home environment is not the best."
Ye you are probably right :). Thanks
"haha me too bro, got to finish this cut first though. Sitting at about 2500/2900cals per day at the moment and losing 0.3/0.7kg a week whilst still getting stronger on whatever I train first."
"Actually all BBers do this trick, that’s how you make the tricep seem bigger than it is."
A lot of pussy shit in these comments
Does he claim natty? Lol
Dudes with bowl cut fades always trying to fight lol go sit down coconut head
Would probably win 10 olympias if he hopped on ~~gear~~ creatine smh
"yep, reminds me of rhoden"
I’ve gone to absolute failure on my bench press twice lately  and almost got pinned to the bench by mistake so yea don’t do that you look stupid and it can hurt
Brooooo LOL
Strongly agree
Does pushups help with pull ups cuz pushups are easy for me but pull ups are a lil difficult for me
"I'm trying to go up in strength actually more than hypertrophy, i'm just tired of girls being able to lift more than me in squats lol. I'm 5'10 170lbs. I want to at least be able to hit two plate squats for 5 reps, soon, i'm so close but stuck at a plate and 35's. I squat below knees."
"Yeah no worries, was just playing. I assumed you meant out of shape (relative to your standards).

Just test, right mister? ;)"
Most likely. I like the programming of that and grandmaster quite a bit
He’s just being kind because he’s interviewing him
Superb body - congratulations!
"Wow, that's a massive accomplishment.


Mind if I ask what your A1C is?  Have to imagine it is a pretty wild number."
Natty in the year 2021? no wonder you have a female impulse control
"it's a tough one for sure. on the one hand, she could be into you. on the other hand, she could think, based on your face and physique, that you're the type to stay inside all day masturbating with a helmet on and therefore you deserve pity"
"This. He can kiss his mental health goodbye at this point. His physical health, well I am not a doctor but I got heart failure at 30 after using for 10 years."
"6.9%. Nah just fucking with ya, theres no magic number, it'll differ for everyone, and you probably wont estimate overall bodyfat percentage bang on anyways"
"You get what you pay for.

I think it’s bc people don’t consider basic economics.

They spend $15 for a double cheeseburger meal or movie ticket, both pleasures last about two hours, while cheating out on products that hold equity.

If you spend $200 on 2x45 plates, and then $30 for shipping but you use it five hours a week, every week, for years, it’s an easy decision.

I dropped a grand on a barbell, plates, and a few dumbbells in the fall and easily have spent 150+ hours with them since September. Even that breaks it down to $6 an hour just in the first four months. Easy purchase decision whenever me and my fiancé both use them and will continue for years to come."
That's actually insane.  CP is *so* much better than MP.
"The lower body is already there. With (a lot) more thickness on his back, he could dominate the back shots like other Mr O's have done before."
Wow never seen a good Hispanic bodybuilder
"Did legs early today because it's too damn hot. Kind of like having the rest of the day free, but it's hard not to focus on being hungry lol"
Thank you mate 🙏
"Not trying to be a dick here, but that's literally what I just explained as I (and a few others) have a dozen times before. No, it is not just CICO for bodybuilding. General weight loss and shit, sure. Not bodybuilding."
Laughed too hard with this haha
"Years pass, cities change, friends come and go, family members pass

But no matter the march of time, some threads just remain 🤌"
"Ah yes, english is the original language spoken in mexico"
Just asked my friend and the PR in my grade is a kid who doesn’t max but does 295lb x 9. I barely got 295 for 1 last week. Give me 6 months.
"LMAO fukn idiot 😂 next level troll, actually gave me a laugh"
Damn.  Just fucking tag me next time if you're going to call me out like that.
"Creatine is free strength (that you pay for with money), and more consistent results-wise than preworkout, as it is one ingredient. Preworkout can be neat but I wouldn't recommend it if you have a lot of caffeine in your diet already."
"Ah ok, sorry I misunderstood. Nah placing the plates under your toes will decrease your ankle flexibility even further... read the link I sent and actually try it out both ways (with just the bar), you’ll see what I mean as soon as you do it"
"Last Cheat meal before the gyms open Monday. Burger, wings and wine. Have a good weekend everybody 👍"
Yes like that
Fuarkkk just hit the most beautiful soleus pump of my life.. felt like a hot line on the side of my calves
"wow he looks amazing in this shot, big ass lats"
"IF gets a lot of hate in the bodybuilding communities because lower meal frequency is going to mean fewer bouts of muscle protein synthesis, so speaking strictly physiologically it is a less efficient way of eating. 

Unless you are a competitor, and really do need to stress on optimizing every detail, it’s definitely an okay way to structure your diet if that’s what you prefer. I also don’t really get hungry until the afternoon and feel better on an empty stomach. Remember there are a lot of ways to do this and this is YOUR experience, so you can structure things according to your preference. 

Of course it’s going to vary from individual to individual, but unless you’re dieting for a show and already at a lower bodyfat percent, then you don’t have to be concerned with muscle loss, I use it for bulking as well as cutting. It’s just important to remember that it’s less optimal for that. This doesn’t mean that you can’t make muscle gains or strength improvements, it just means that they happen slower."
"Yeah, ran the regular version up to now and would have used it up until the meet but now I think I'm going to run the hypertrophy version just to get some change."
"Agrred, he deserved that top 5, his conditioning was miles better than most of the guys on stage"
"Good luck man! Also, in a situation like that, forcing yourself to have at least some routine could help, even if it's just having a schedule for the gym, taking walks and doing the housework for example."
I am cunt
"It's all one hilarious joke 3+ years in the making. We call it ""the fake natty tiktoker"""
"Making PED’s legal opens up a whole slew of issues in other sports tho. This isn’t just a bodybuilding thing. PED’s is a sport thing and if we legalize gear then it will be complicated for the Olympics and other world events. 

Steroids aren’t the inherent problem, it’s other shit like diuretics, fat burners, and to an extent insulin. Weight limits wouldn’t work if there’s a set weight cap. 250lbs is different on someone who’s 5’5 and 6’0. 

The biggest problem is that bodybuilders and gurus are big fucking idiots. Look at any S&amp;C coach for the Olympics and they have degrees, look at their “supplementation coaches” and they’ll have degrees. Bodybuilding is LOADED with morons wielding extremely dangerous pharmaceuticals. We need better education if this “sport” is to be safer."
"Metal as fuck, Dio would be proud"
That was me. Idek man I fucking love it I’m sorry.
"Haha bro isn’t it so good?

&gt;!The ending was a bit of a turn-off for some, but I personally liked it a lot.!&lt;"
Wow. That probably only covers the cost of food for a few weeks. Not good.
yes thats what mine look like
We’re mostly safe in the dd 😂
"Fun as hell. Shouldn’t have done it though, because I missed out on sleep &amp; got mandated for a 16hour shift tonight/tomorrow"
"Yeah, whichever approach makes your diet more sustainable, as with cutting. Some bodybuilders seem to take diet breaks when bulking too, if that buys you more weeks of handling the diet better it's definitely worth it."
Sugar lobby
Do block pulls instead
"28 Gains Later, staring Swolian Beephy"
Wrong subreddit
I fucking love Noel Deyzel.
"Some people pack less fat in certain areas. For him it was the back, but it clearly didn't show in the front."
"Thanks mate, Can i possibly send you a screenshot in dms of the program im following if thats ok? its basically a full body split"
No
"Dababy is a rapper, no idea why people accuse others of looking like him. Maybe it's that they don't get their blood work done, idk."
"Correct me if I’m wrong, but I’ve learned that a narrow stance would increase the pressure on your “outer” quads. At the very least the pressure moves over from the glutes to the quads. A wider stance hits heavier on teardrop/glutes. Was a while since I heard this and rarely care much about it myself, so don’t take my word for it. 

Edit: just a thought, but it seems logical (at least for me) that the angle of your foot has some in it as well. Try narrow legged squats, like pretty much knees and feet kept together. I go at it sometimes and it feels pretty neat."
The downvotes are from dyel’s with fitness tiktoks
Yeah exactly that haha
"Yes the abs was a typo, meant calves. Going to look into stronglifts 5x5 👍🏼"
Thanks Man!
chum looks way better than arnold.
Pretty sus you think I'm pretty sus I don't know the sus machine
When I was 170 I ate 1800 with no cardio and consistently stayed at 170. What would a Normal cut at 200lbs be to get to 180 less than 15%bf in under 5 months?
Where did I police anyone lol
"Just worry about yourself, tards gonna tard"
The ONLY time I see a lunk alarm going off in mine is when someone drops the Smith bar from an unreasonable height. I'm perfectly ok with that
"Thank you!! I also noticed that the more I flat bench, the more my triceps grow. They’re already sort of disproportionate, and my regular grip : close grip ratio is essentially 1:1 so maybe the switch to incline is exactly what I need"
How do you recover better by being in a larger deficit?
Natural? No way
Should I have gone with something else like TubGirl or Meatspin? Or the classic Goatse?
"Cialis is the second best thing next to testosterone, it's so fucking amazing, even for those of us who don't have ED."
"Weathers nice, places are opening up, it’s Saturday night? 

Some of these losers have lives and here I am eating cheese at home alone"
There's a guy at my gym that just straight up wears leggings to workout but he's got a fat ass &amp; thicc thighs so I guess I see why he does it.
"Even better brother! And cutting for me isnt really an issue or wasnt prior, I just hope with a proper coach I can maintain plenty mass. I already goto aldis weekly for my own groceries and cook all my stuff in advance. I dont really go out I just do plumbing and goto the gym. So im like I goto the gym so much and just love to lift etc. might aswell add some more fun and competition to it yk! 😎I Appreciate your advice and courtesy brother truly💪"
"Do supersets promote more hypertrophy? I noticed when I superset chest and back movements, although I am weaker I get a better pump but im not sure if this means it's better"
"Dumbbells are not cheap and you’re likely going to pay a lot for shipping unless you go to like Dicks.

Dicks currently has up to 50 lbs dumbbells in stock, theyre $150 for the pair but come with free shipping. I picked up a pair of 40 lbs off revalue fitness for $130, but I’ve seen them as cheap as $80 at a big 5 store.

I’d recommend getting a pull up bar, a flat bench, and maybe 3 pairs of dumbbells for your basic home workout needs. Do not order any weights through Walmart, hulk fit, or amazon. Trust me. I’d go with dicks, rogue, or revalue fitness."
no but I am seeing a doctor to possibly be prescribed Accutane soon
"He traded the face of a god for the body of a god 

https://i.imgur.com/ztshw52.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/Dip8CGP.jpg"
How do you know you have “admirable” strength if you’ve never touched weights lol
"Haha since a few people have said that I need to open up more, I’m going to work on that and see if I can improve it. I’ll get y’all an update in a couple weeks!"
Look Great💪
Yes not a fan of diet but IMO the zero sugar is way closer to original
"you can get it on the clearnet easily, you don't need looser drug laws for it lol. if you don't even have to go onion farming for a drug then who even cares"
I wish it was bro lol
Im 25 and we have been saying that since like 2011
I love this piece of lore
Cheers
"Cut status: 207.2 this morning.  

Heaviest weight: 213.8 on 2/19

Day one: 211.0 on 3/11

Haven't weighed in below 207 since Thanksgiving.  Haven't weighed below 200 since 2019.  Seeing numbers consistently drop on the scale is the only thing that keeps me motivated while suffering in the gym."
"Tricks to deal with eating during the night? When I piss (about twice a night) i head to the fridge. I just need a lil somethin somethin, not much. Anything beneficial and satisfying that you eat then?"
"Makes sense, Phil definitely wants to look as wide as possible since his weakness is narrowness"
Thanks bb! Trying the food thing right now to see if it changes something haha.
"I’d highly recommend Versa/Cobra grips off Amazon (there are of brands too that I’m sure are fine). If you’re being really cheap, the various brands of $5-10 straps are fine."
"impressive, mind sharing before/after numbers?"
Good on you man. That’s a tough pill to swallow. Now make the change
"&gt;You can absolutely gain muscle and lose fat at the same time.

I disagree with this almost every single time someone says it here, but this is one of those rare times when it's true.

Recomping is possible for:

-New Lifters

-Young teens and/or someone going through puberty 

-People on tren"
"Inzer, Pioneer, SBD, Titan, Best Belts, EliteFTS, and Wahlander are all very reputable brands. There are others but those are the first ones to come to my mind."
I don’t know bro. Like why do people just have to throw shade?
The free Arnold looks better than this shit. How is it 1080 and looks like 90s footage? Me and Jake need to talk.
lmao
"Ok cool thanks, good to know it’s normal then. I always have some pain and “grinding” sounds when I move that side around, so just checking."
Peak Arnold not even flexing is still greater than 60 percent of anyone flexing
Thanks bro I’ll lyk as I get more along with my common app and all that
It’s definitely the pullovers. I’d say work on your MMC to really get them to target your lats. If you’re struggling to much just swap them out.
Absolutely insane physique.. but does no one on this sub train abs..?!
Worst feeling in the world
I have a confession: I'm jealous of these male gymnasts' biceps.
"That must have been hard then haha for me it feels more natural pushing in the bike, and switching between higher and lower intensity during the workout is much more comfortable too, just adjust the resistance or the RPM."
"Yeah, I’ve recently moved into my own place and I can’t stand wasting food so even if I feel like I’m going to be sick, down the hatch it goes lol"
"He looks great, but def zero Arnold resemblance bro"
Yeah man I have to go to planet fitness. I hope y’all appreciate what you have haha
"&gt; Other than that I'd just say flex pretty much everything, especially glutes

Not flexing my glutes is probably the main problem judging by some googling i did so that's good advice. I might try a belt as well even though the belts in my gym are kinda trash"
"Next time he tries it, make sure there's no ""kinda"" about it"
Phil is 3rd best Mr. Olympia behind Dorian and Ronnie.
"1) okay then fuck off back to wherever you came from

2) Ik you feel smart when you get all scientific, but dude people have been doing this for fucking years and it works. Bulk, cut, bulk, cut, etc. Show me someone who got good results without eating in a surplus ever, and I’ll entertain your idea.

No one is telling this kid to get fat. We are telling him to eat in a surplus (I.e. a bulk). Eat 250-500 calories over maintenance a day for a .5-1lb gain a week. Of course it will not be all muscle, that’s what the cut is for.

If you want to spin your wheels eternally trying to eat exactly at maintenance (which hint: you fucking can’t) or in some tiny ass surplus, and net yourself 1 pound of gains in a year, be my guest. Even then it’s not like just because you went slower your body *has* to make all your gains lean. You can still put on fat no matter how slow you take it. Will a 500 surplus make you gain less fat than a 1000 calorie surplus? Sure. And no one here would advocate for that big of a surplus. However I promise you if you compare yourself to someone who spent 9 months in a 500 calorie surplus, and 3 months in a cut at the end of the year to you who wasnt eating in a surplus ever, the difference would be notable and not in your favor.

Do whatever you want but don’t go preaching it as the most efficient or even the most logical way to progress in bodybuilding. The pros are bulking cause it works. Go walk up to the biggest guy in your gym tomorrow and ask him if he’s ever eaten in a surplus lmao."
You look great!!
You're retarded
"Just when it feels like there is no hope, there's that glimmer of light and you come back in to inspire us and to pick us back up. Thank you Arnold."
"Great job! I mean this in the best way, but it’s like you moved your belly into your arms and legs. 

Best of luck at the show!"
It’s another no carb day. Did my 40 minutes of cardio and now I’m starving and exhausted. Down 2.6 lbs from a week ago though so things are moving fast. Just praying coach gives me a refeed or takes away the no carb days after this check in because I literally feel like I’m dying on these days.
Lean bulk at the moment yes! I haven’t took a current picture in a while
"Sure you can have muscle mass while being very lean, but a lot of it? No. Naturally it's impossible."
Deadly German!!! Supposed to be a really nice man in person. Humble as ever.
"I need help. My progress in the gym in the past year and a half pretty much come to a stand still. I was on NSuns and made pretty good strength gains before corona closed everything down in NZ but getting back since I have been my most consistent with eating and training yet my progress has seemed to slow down or be non existent. All my DB and other lifts have improved oh and deadlift but squat and flat bench have slowed down. Considering what I started as to what I am now is good but can someone please guide me where to go? all these unrealistic transformations are starting to get to me. Like my number difference seem unreal but my physique is nothing special. Can provide photos if needed

Here’s my weight and height from when I started to now:

Currently 18 years old

5’10-6’0

50kg-86kg"
"Don't say ""Cute!"" unless you want her to know you're not into it. A guy asked me for flexing pictures and then I sent and that's what he said and I was like WELP 🙃🔫"
You look like a young Jon Skywalker lmao but anyways goodluck brotha
"They're perfect. Literally anything weighty. Weights, sandbags, a rucksack full of books...."
Care to plug the coach?
"That's a great beard, man. If you get rid of that bad boy, you leaving the stache like cbum?"
"Very unmotivated to lift this last week.  We'll get our shit together next week bbs.

Being unemployed is starting to mess with my motivation.  I'm so much lazier than I was 3 months ago.  I've literally gone years without losing my motivation.  Hoping to find a job soon."
"As you said, the length seems like it's no issue, but how wide is it? If it's much wider than 7 feet then I'm sure you could bench in there. To me, it seems like deadlifts will be fairly simple in there, and so will OHP if you can get a rack that fits in there. 

My general advice would just be to look up online the barbell that you want to get, check its dimensions, and then measure the space in your patio to sort of plan out where it could go, and if it can realistically go up and down without hitting the wall when you lift.

Same thing goes for a bench, too. Most benches aren't that long so it's really just a matter of can your rack fit in there, and is the room long and wide enough for a barbell"
"It looks good imo, you could try different styles haha. But go for what you think looks the best on you"
"No coach yet but maybe in the future, I will be experimenting with myself through different methods like seeing what carb sources I respond well too, sodium amd carbloading to see how fast I fill up etc. I completely get you and I really appreciate the tips bro! I drop down in weight really quick so no crazy cardio in the beginning but will gradually increase it later in the cut! ✌🏾"
"&gt; He looks short.

Why be negative when there's nothing to be negative about"
"Okay, thank you for your input! I read that it wasn’t recommended to be in a deficit for more than 12 weeks so I had to confirm!"
"It's sarcasm. If you suspect a person you care about is unhappy, you should talk to him."
"Weak from the back, that’s why he didn’t place well at the O."
might be on steroids idk tho.
"Bruh, enjoy the DOMS! Ha! It's all worth it, though."
"Yep that’s exactly what it is. 

No idea how I’m going to adapt with the new job. Completely brand new role, still have my masters degree classes, it’s summer time, and I’m ready to step up my cutting. Trying to drop another 15 over summer. 

So like yeah, it’s a couple days, can’t stress about it. But like, I feel like I was owed these couple days of respite."
Maintenance phase will be beneficial but if you need a critique i would start adding in some oblique exercise to really make your midsection a strong point
"&gt; Will I risk muscle loss deloading on a cut? 

No more than you are already risking losing with the cut."
"You’re bulking, cheats only have a psychological benefit and yeah, eating a fuck tonne of shit will bloat you, either don’t be a prick on cheat meals or deal with it.

Nobody can say “ahh here’s your limit”, but there’s zero chance you don’t know what’s reasonable and what’s excessive. Think it through.

If your only reason is to enjoy time and food with the family there’s also no reason to binge to the point of aesthetic disaster.

Want a simple solution? Stop eating when you feel guilty."
"Hey thank you so much for your msg. So informative!I agree that it's harder on a vegan diet as while I was focused on a few foods to gain muscle etc, I was still trying to make sure I get all the nutrients like b12 through food. So yes the education was key haha."
Just 2 scoops of creatine and of course broccoli
It’s like when people say they smoke weed and don’t get high. They’re NPCs. Move along.
I refuse to watch the next Mr Olympia if u ain’t competing in the Men’s open division
"Bought a hammer drill after struggling to drill one hole in garage floor for like 30 minutes and getting no where and it's a complete game changer. Sounds obvious, I know.

I'm building some overhead storage in the garage and have trusses, not joists, so everything's supported from the floor.

I should have bought one of these years ago.

Anyway, it's Monday the best day of the week: crush it."
I can relate. I play chess.
"Sorry, wasn't trying to mislead anyone. 

Around the time the news broke that he could put on 10 more pounds there were a lot of comments that lead me to believe some people thought that Bumstead was gonna show up 10 pounds heavier at the next Olympia. Title was simply meant to state that that doesn't seem to be the case. Obviously, packing that muscle over the next several years is another thing. 

&gt;He’s not going to try force pack 10lbs in a year

Correct. Perhaps I should have put ""for the next Olympia"" to be clearer."
I say this with love: I'd find a show further out. You're gonna want at least another month to diet. Why not be your best?
No
"Peacocking? lol no idea what that is. I just like the way it looks, have one for years."
He competed in the most recent Mr. Olympia lol
Yeah that’s a big issue rn. I’ll keep looking! Thanks for ur encouragement bro
600x20 deadlift is insanity
Thank you!!
"Down to 159lbs in the cut, 5’10. 
Eating 2300 cals for about 750~ deficit.
Just looking to get rid of this lower back fat to finish the cut....
Y’all think I’m atleast 10%? 

https://imgur.com/a/GoN5G2m"
motivation af
The cheating game is and always will be ahead of the tests
Those arms are utterly amazing.
I don't care if it looks dumb I always do half rep forced reps after I've hit failure doing full rom. (just on my last set)
"Oh shit, i forgot the second step!!"
"Bodybuilding is a free sport in a free world, everybody can like whatever they want. OP is a sad communist who wants to make everybody like his toys the most."
No what you are saying makes sense. The science on this stuff changes so often we really just don't know exactly what is best or what is optimal for our niche population(bodybuilders)
Drop the leg day routine my boy
Ahhh that’s my friend Kyle!! 😝
"When I test it myself, it seems like narrow grip just makes it harder to engage chest"
No one is going to check on you daily. Any good coach doesn’t chase their clients. If you have a question or concern it will be on you to reach out. That said I know several coaches that are in your budget and beginner friendly. LOUD Performance Training is one. I also work with non-professional men (I’m a woman though and you specifically mentioned wanting a man so...).
If I ever moved to TX then Austin is 100% the only place I would ever consider. The outlying suburbs are pretty nice too.
"I know it's been said that nobody fakes test, but let me elaborate a tiny bit more just so you (and any other new guys/gals reading this) can have peace of mind here.

Test is the flagship product of every UGL. If anything, your test might be slightly over-dosed to make it seem stronger or more effective. There are so many reputable UGLs and there are so many third-party boards that let users rate and interact with these UGLs. With even just 5 minutes of research there's no reason to get ripped off on your test.

Now, about the TRT clinic, they will most certainly prescribe you PCT/AI's/SERMs. BUT they may not do HCG if you're doing one of the big telemed clinics like Defy or Royal. New FDA regulations have stopped them from scripting HCG, but they'll still do other AI's and PCT. 

A ""real"" TRT clinic will likely get you whatever you're willing to pay for.. Test, HCG, AI's, SERMs, sometimes even Anavar."
"Good to hear! Did you finally take the shrooms?

Never been to one, but those festivals must be amazing."
or dropping 40lbs on a cut and having to size up?
Wooooo! Life Gains!
Depends how long you plan on cutting for. Minicuts usually won't require any kind of maintenance phase. It takes a while to go catabolic
"Amazing physique. You should be proud. Growth of traps, chest, and calves/ legs would make it even better."
"I feel pretty shitty being at 250+, so I can’t imagine how shitty these dudes feel, especially considering how much they have to eat, the effects of the drugs, etc."
"Bruh

It's better than before sure, but just by looking at the photos I know you 1) fucked around at the gym 2) eat literally nothing. You are an adult now, start eating some food and actually train"
"Yeah, that's the one"
"Fair enough bro. I added 3 more pics, natural light and no filter, just removed the background"
"Yeah if you cook (or reheat) the chicken in milk and Frank's it's like a diet version of https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.franksredhot.com/en-us/recipes/franks-redhot-buffalo-chicken-dip%3famp=1

Not nearly as good but better than plain for a change"
"but what makes one thing good and another thing bad? Why is it ""productive"" to play piano for 1 hour, but a waste of time to play video games for 1 hour? Or reading for 1 hour vs watching YouTube for 1 hour? 

(fwiw I agree 100% but I don't know *why* I feel this way so I'm trying to dig deeper)"
I gotta curry good favor with the people by giving them what they want.
Better Krillin than Yajirobe
why does it look like shit? because I don't like powerlifting movements + ab wheels? I need suggestions
"Nah, I just work there. I pretty much do front desk signing people in and I get a free membership 

Essentially getting paid to workout kind of lol"
You're right it's wrong of me to assume his brother's sexuality.
How do you grow lower lats?
"If you want more oats, but ultra fine oats from any supplement site and throw them in your protein shakes. They're just like a powder and mix up fine even just from shaking the shaker rather than busing out the blender"
The souls of his defeated opponents
Congratulations my man!
I've cut my own hair since I was 18 and I'm 31 now. The amount of money I've saved over that course of time is immense. I say learn and invest in a great pair of clippers/trimmers.
His face looks photoshopped on his body lmao
Do you feel gear makes cutting that low any less painful? Has it gotten easier as you've gained more muscle mass over the years? Just curious.
"Yes, didn’t know you natural, that’s very impressive then! Disregard my previous comment, it’s your first show, as natural you don’t wanna lose any muscle, you right."
Sorry I’ve been trying to find places but couldn’t find one
"Please get a mask like this to wear on stage, it's perfect."
"Excuse me please. I have to step out for a moment, because I’m on the verge of exploding in my pants. *shuffles out awkwardly with hands covering growing*"
Anyone else get crazy sore in their serratus from shoulder day?
"Damn I’m jealous of you guys, only commercials gyms in Manchester City centre so I have to go to JD where there are more bodybuilders than puregym but not much of a community"
Damn dude you're looking great
"You are right about that, but he denied using it on the regular. They look just so round when he's just standing there."
Why not go with something cleaner like a rice cake?
"I think the challenge for me when eating out is, I never know if I over ate x amount of calories or under ate x amount of calories, specifically when the takeout food place doesn't have nutritional info."
Yoked af. Killing that side tricep pose.
Stupid unless you’re literally hypogonadal
Why can't you? Money? You can get some good ass coaches for 75-100 a money.
I always have awful bedtime gas. I can’t wait to get married so I can be the first person to have divorce papers solely consisting of documentation of bedtime gas
Well if you’re concerned with how long this takes then just fry them like a normal person and stop eating so slow. Also I hand wash dishes too?... takes like 30 seconds to 1 minute to wash off a plate
Good job I’m English then lol
"I disagree with the “bad genetics” evaluation. Looks like above average genetics to me, but if you’re going to compare yourself to Jay Cutler or Ronnie Coleman, then you’re going to get discouraged pretty quickly. From what I see, if you work on delts (and not just lateral raises either; OHPs, anterior raises, and even bench presses can add width), as well as hitting your upper lats, you’ll progress towards a V-taper as well as the rest of us"
It’s just fish oil it’s fine
Today is a wonderful day. I destroyed my chest and am one step closer to my quest to achieve biggest tits at our office. Fight the good fight bros.
"The latter, because it's much easier to progressively overload movements without junk variation impeding your progress. 

I'd say no one needs more than three bicep exercises - a heavy curl, a ""contraction-focused"" curl, and a ""stretch-focused"" curl. And that's at most."
"thats like the epitome of ""i eat 900g carbs!!!!"" but its like once a week and the rest of the week its all like 300-400g carbs. these people actually think they defy physics man."
I laugh still after reading this 20+ times over the years.
🥺. She’s so perfect bro
Looks like they gave a homeless dude a gym membership and a bunch of meals instead of just a few dollars.
High protein (1.5g per lbs) make sure to train thinking that your gonna grow muscle as in dont just half ass and say ow im in a deficit like actively try to add weight or reps and at the very least dont let strength (the strength that you had in your own rep ranges prior to your cut) drop . Dont loose more than 1% of Bodyweight per week unless your doing a mini cut
"Like I do with most YouTube videos, I listen to him on 1.5x speed."
Wow Ed Sheeran is lookin jacked
"I’m literally no expert but

Your calves could flex more they seem fire. Your legs from the front could tone more and give you an amazing look. You are so close keep it ip"
very cringy indeed. Regan Grimes is another that comes to mind. I admire those athletes but still it's weird that they can develop every oter muscle so much except the neck.
Find a program and follow it. No one wants to critique this
I definitely think Chris is safe for the next few years. I would love for Terrence to be next classic Mr.O but I fear Timms may continue to develop.
that insulin shit will fucking kill you if you're not careful.  The Tren stuff they take will also fuck u up bad if you're not careful.  Tren is designed for COWS and Livestock not humans.
"Nah we all know the answer, but couldn’t post without following “rule 3”"
Lmao guys you need to read this post https://www.reddit.com/r/antidiet/comments/m3ow6u/first_primary_care_visit_since_becoming_antidiet/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
"Lifting is fun, eating (clean) is not."
"Thank you! No, the brand has a tight fit. Look up “Synelite” shorts"
"You're fine, the rest of America doesn't really associate &gt;!Seattle!&lt; with innovation either."
Looks great! Impressive especially at 57
damn body fat distribution just avoids the legs at all costs lol
"Damn that’s ridiculous lol, I’m sure it varies a lot depending on where you are"
Good PPl program
"Hey man, I understand you being confident, but you should take a look at some of the other people who post that they’re competing in the teen groups. They’re significantly more massive than you. This isn’t to cut you down, but to keep you grounded. You have NO IDEA who is showing up to these shows. You have to be prepared for a few monsters to show up and straight banish you to the shadow realm. Be humble, work hard and try your best."
You look freaking epic on that stage photo! Well done.
"Lmao not only did I already say that I don't watch him anymore, but what part of this conversation would indicate that I don't know what I'm doing? If anything, I've implicitly stated that I don't follow his advice if I'm talking about gaining with a small surplus and his advice is to gain on maintenance...I know, logic is hard."
My b meant to say dumbbell
"Cut the volume to 12 sets a week its plenty, no wonder you are getting strains"
"Except they do give a great visual advantage if you have bigger tires. You sit up higher than most of the ""Crossover"" SUVs everyone else is driving, which is kinda nice."
You’ll find a lot of successful people in whatever they do are
And won the Olympia a few years later in one of the more controversial O's ever. His legs were still atrophied from inactivity and rehab.
Id say yes as long as you get enough sleep and have a healthy diet
A friend of mine (in martial arts) had this issue. After having it checked out he had fractured one of the little bones of his wrist. He got around it by doing knuckle push-ups.
"I do two leg days per week and play slowpitch softball anywhere from 2-4 nights a week (always doubleheaders) and my legs are always sore. This 4th of July weekend where everything is shut down is the only time in the last ~2 months where I expect to have normal feeling legs lol-- until summer ends, i should say"
Dumbass!
Stop tracking. You know what to eat.
Thanks bro will delete
No no at last set
Good point about the tan. They're slightly greenish in comparison.
What the fuck is wrong with some people ? Why don't you and your co-workers just bully him out of the place. He has had plenty of warning and 2nd chances and deserves whatever people throw at him.
Wrong subreddit bro
"Yes we do, CPA leads to the IFBB pro leagues. CBBF leads to IFBB pro elite. Winning a CPA pro qualifier is exactly the same as winning a NPC pro qualifier."
"I think most people just like Ramy the person, and that Ramy was actually able to get that giant body into such condition. Outside of the absolute most hardcore body builders no one is going to like Ramy's body.  People have commented on his proportions for a long time, even amongst those aforementioned hardcore body builders."
Oh yeah. I’ll get baked as shit and binge anything with Alton Brown.
You looked amazing and had a great attitude. I appreciate you sitting back stage with me and Lou. Our little chill corner while everyone else ran around pumping up 2 hours before they went on stage lol
"Treading dangerously close to talking politics in the DD so I’ll take the shit for it but I really need to rant. Apologies in advance, skip ahead if not interested.

&gt;!We’ve reached peak Boston. I’ve been declared a fascist for wanting to wait until I finish getting neurological tests for a spat of seizures and talking to my doctors before I get the vaccine :) This is fine. Everything is fine. There is no group psychosis permeating the town. !&lt;


Actually on topic though, /u/INTHEMIDSTOFLIONS was right, doggo was a champ with her alone time thanks to her favorite Kong toy and PB so got the hit the gym again, woop woop"
How’d you get the dream tan to look so natural? You might wana add some more tho cuz ur lookin a little too light still.
"Thanks for the input, gathering more information before I go ahead with it. I saw your test results and you’re right they shot up! Did you carry on testing?"
"You don't get less anxious. You get more brave if that makes sense. I work as a sales assistant in a menswear store with a shitty management structure that uses fear to motivate staff to make sales using an antiquated approach in a city centre location.

Anyway that was a bit of a tangent, the point is I was very anxious on my first day 18 months ago when they dropped me in during Christmas, and now I feel the exact same level of anxiety during a non busy Wednesday morning as I did as a 17 year old freshman working his first part time job in a while despite the fact I know the run of the place much better now and have the experience. And now I get bonuses and shit."
"Easiest way to help would be a video of you performing the exercise. It felt perfect for me the first time I tried, and is one of my favorite exercises now."
"Short answer, yes.  Different strokes for different folks."
"I tell them all good things come to those who wait for right fit, or alternatively tell them you ordered a GF but due to Covid delivery had been delayed 😈"
I'm the one with the dick that hangs lower than the balls goddamnit.
"If I am on a true PPL split, then I try to make one of my push days heavier on my tricep portion and one of my pull days heavier on my bicep portion."
Any of the dishes a big chain like Panda has will probably be pretty similar.
"Holy fuck, that sucks. Left Hand Path was legendary and instrumental in influencing the crunchy and crusty punk mashup of today’s death metal bands. 

Gotta start tomorrow’s session with Revel in Flesh."
What kind of Cardio and how much? Good going mate
It's definitely him lol. Nice find
"physique is looking good. I think you need more composure on your poses. Your head is moving around too much. chill, rock the pose and look 100% confident."
"If you use heavy overload weight, then yes."
Seems like you ought to know what you're doing and when you're doing it.
you're **very** lost in the sauce if you think its training time over diet difference
He's banned after that rape incident
"Wow. He was a big inspiration to me u/govschwarzenegger!

He stayed in shape long into life.


Was he incredible to lift with?


Edit: happy cake day too!"
Can't topical ru58841 actually clear dht and therefore reverse balding instead of just stopping it? Seems easier to get hold of instead of powdered hgh if I had to guess. I really should get some fin now that I think if it
"About to start cutting again after 2 weeks of maintance. 

Boooooring"
Thanks!!
"Final Fantasy curls. 

You overload the belts"
Did you post earlier pretending not to be… you?
Cinnamon and blueberries is also great
Having trouble growing my upper chest. I don’t even flat bench anymore I replaced with incline.
"I like doing single leg stuff. 

Bulgarian split squats, lunges, etc."
Damn I should really get a gf and a multi million dollar car dealership
"I found a real cheap shitty barbell in the attic, it's going in the corner of the room and that's how I'm doing it lol. Although hadn't considered landmine rows and squats as an option, so thanks for pointing those out, wanted something for chest and got something for everywhere ;)"
I feel you on that lol
"Thanks so much! I didn’t really know I had them at all until I learned to pose them. I’ve always trained them hard, but competing in men’s physique it wasn’t really important. Now all I want is shredded legs lol."
Thanks!  I went ahead with leather since it sounds like it lasts longer.
Holy shit it’s like looking in a mirror except I’m white and overweight.
I’m sure it was used for that purpose by guys who had no interest in working out
Hangovers started to get worse at about 30
Lmao Mike Isratel (Renaissance Periodization's main guy) is exactly why I'm wondering if I should start doing them
"Agreed, I never bothered with ashwaganda however, I might make a nootropics stack sometime in the future.


Realistically having a diet mostly composed of vegetables and ethically sourced meat and eggs will solve or prevent 99% of diet related problems out there for most people."
"Stay hydrated and avoid overly salty and fatty foods. Party drugs will usually flatten you out like mad, but you won’t care if you’re on them."
Well now I wanna try
Apparently we're only allowed to compliment the male BB'ers in this sub lol.
"&gt;What's up with his neck?

Regan Grimes syndrome."
"used to follow him, but got sick of the obvious photoshop and all the strange angles where he makes his head look ridiculously small"
"It's been okay. Mentally I want to be doing more (and have always done more in my home-brew programs) but at the same time every week I'm upping the weight for almost every exercise and overall it feels very balanced in terms of body parts that get hit per week.

For me, personally, it needs way less leg work and more upper body work."
God what a chad
Back when I used to like him😒
I thought you were wearing a weird hat
"If you're just getting into it, I'd recommend one of the oldest Mariachis still around after 100+ year (since 1897), [Mariachi Vargas de Tecalitlan](https://youtu.be/73eL52Q8W0M). This is easily one of my favorite Mariachi songs. I linked the live version but the recorded version is fucking amazing. They were the first to professionalize Mariachi music &amp; groups by hiring professional musicians to play &amp; backing famous singers, &amp; appeared in something like 200 movies over the 20th century."
"You're natural, relax"
I’ve got two badass training partners. One I’ve had for 3 years and the other for about 7. Just depends which gym I’m going to but they’re both homies too.
"I really like the technique I've been using for my meal selection. Basically, set myself total calories -1000 from TDEE, then hit my protein total with a halo top and chicken, then hit my fat goal with mixed nuts, then hit my carb goal with rice. throw in a bag of veggies (broccoli almost every day) (obviously  i split these into meals)

always leaves me with enough calories to have another lean meal totally free of guilt. I had a steak at dinner with friends tonight. 

I guess what im saying is it feels really good to be able to cut at a reasonably good pace and still not feel shackled by meals. yesterday i added tikka masala sauce and turned my four chicken rice and peppers meals into chicken tikka masala. it was awesome."
wow
"That's a great game plan, have you ever thought of coaching or selling your plans online?"
Typical cops. They wait to beat your ass when you’re cuffed and there’s 5+ of them. They had to show the big muscular man how tough they are lmao. Same shit happens in jail it’s just not talked about they jump dudes and beat the fuck out of people they don’t like. Free Nathan he stays having problems with police
I love t-bar rows but they don't love me back. 10kg+  plates  doesn't give me enough rom because of my height. So I just needed to suck it  up and put some plates under me:)
If you want to lose weight then adding food will not work. How tall are you? Are you male or female? Have you ever actually tracked your calories? Do you lift weights?
Phenomenal physique. ⭕️ worthy.
"Bodybuilders on my ig who don’t want to vaccinate because “they don’t know what’s in them” but inject their ass with steroids ordered online, made from God knows who smh"
"it’s impressive for a commercial gym bruh, same stats as you &amp; i can get 315x10 lowbar atm but theres guys lighter than us who play with 405 lol"
Blessing.
How much lbs you want to gain per month?
"I'll be honest, I think wim hof method is one of the dumbest fads I've seen recently. I'm a big believer in tried and true methods. these new, exciting, life changing modalities always come out every few years and at their peaks, everyone swears by them, and then eventually they either disappear because people realize it's stupid or a study comes out debunking all the supposed benefits"
"I haven't had any issues at all honestly but my gf has similar symptoms bc she had asthma prior to having CoViD.

From what I hear, exercise helps a ton. Just go light til you feel ready to push harder &amp; be safe about it."
"Yeah I wish him well and hope it doesn't hit him too hard, but it is hard to sympathize, especially since he gave that timeline of ""battling COVID for 3 weeks,"" meaning he knew he had it around Olympia time."
"Definitely not buy, but if you really need it, you can do it by yourself pretty easily, and probably way cheaper."
4.5k :/ might be why 🤷‍♂️
"Amazing work, grats. I’d love to compete at a natural show down the line one day but need a lot more mass till that day haha.

At what point do you think a coach would be beneficial for someone on the same path as you?"
How do i get rid of collarbone pain while bench pressing in the 1-5 rep range. I have tried retracting my shoulders more but to no avail. Should i just rest it out.
"Arnold was the most influential bodybuilder of all time and brought bodybuilding as close to the mainstream as it’s ever been. Ronnie was by far the greatest bodybuilder of all time though, which is what this poll is about. 8 Olympia titles against some of the toughest competition out there and a shape that’s never been close to being replicated since makes Ronnie by far the greatest bodybuilder to have ever stepped on stage. Meanwhile Arnold has 2 of the most controversial Olympia wins out there (1972 and 1980) and one of his wins had him as literally the only competitor on stage (1971). To put Arnold on the same level as Ronnie from a purely bodybuilding standpoint is ludicrous."
Bro you’re 135 and tryna hop on some shit? Just eat more bro
Got it. Happy cake day btw!
"Yes, used them at my home gym for dumbbell rows and barbell rows and rack pulls and it helped me a lot!"
"Yeah man the most I'd ever recommend is 500/week for your first cycle. I ran 250 sust/week and gained 20lbs in 10 weeks then lost about 9 lbs of water when I came off. 750+ is way too much and all you'll want to do is go up from there. Make sure you are getting blood work before, during and in pct. Stay safe dont wreck your health and make diet priority #1 or it will all be for nothing."
love a good [quad pump](https://imgur.com/a/5REUpz6) in the dungeon gym
Humans are pretty stretchy. What a weird thought. Lol
"If your a thin guy, it’s hard to gain if you have not been eating all day. Which means morning workouts will be tough. I speak from experience on the this. Afternoon workouts are better, but you play the hand you’re dealt. Do as many compound lifts as possible. 
Definitely don’t lift while you are hungry. Eat a big breakfast every day thirty minutes before you lift. And don’t forget the protein supplements after. When I was trying to put on weight, all I did was eat. You get so sick of eating. 
Good luck."
Lmao your flair
Thank you Rich. Happy cake day!
Looking better than me at 17 🙌
Like 3%
"Happy to hear bro, especially the titties part. No titty is a bad titty."
"Fat is the problem for me. Nothing wrong with some simple carbs from time to time, but fried chicken will throw your macros for the day WAY off.

If simple carbs were a problem, do you think dudes like The Rock would be chowing down on 14 pancakes every weekend? He's no Münzer or anything but he's got a decently lean and very solid physique."
That’s a weird fetish
"Clean Eatz

https://www.cleaneatz.com/"
good fucking shit man keep it up
"Good mate. Exercise and calorie deficits stripping muscle is over exaggerated.

Unless you're doing high frequency, long, intense cardio or eating in a severe calorie deficit (losing more than 1% bodyfat a week) - and this usually only counts if you're lean already - you'll be fine.

Like if you're above 12% - 15% bodyfat it really doesn't matter"
I’ve been doing Insanity and absolutely love it!
lol at sarms
Cortisol control isn’t a joke
I think it’s a good question but in general I don’t think we should be counting movies as teaching. I don’t really know if I’ve ever watched a Christmas movie in school tbh.
Well it seems like this was a folish post sorry guys ill take it down then
"40 days? Is this v your first show? Please put up a pic the day of your show, I'm curious how you'll come in the day if the show."
now im curious what they posted
that definitely sounds like him
Flexibility on the ground pose and triceps calves gluts lower back Christmas tree making it pop more!
"God, please no. Don’t make me overthink this again"
Nice obliques
Nice answer
"idk i keep the bench at the standard 45 degrees, i get a nasty chest pump from incline db so hopefully not too much"
to be fair his stage performance last O give him a little bit more credit than any average joe
"If you’d like to research this condition, causes and ways to regulate your cycle, it is called amenorrhea.

It typically happens to bodybuilding girls from being lean, hormone imbalance and/or gear."
Homie got a dump truck
"Amazing physique, as always from Ryan! As someone interested in the sport, I am curious how good he is as a paddleboarder."
"Looking good dude. Just curious, what amount are you away from your weight cap?"
"Free is the one being used for muscle and tissue growth. The  total means nothing to me since the free is what you feel when you use testosterone and getting the muscle build abilities from it. They didn’t use it because it wasn’t necessary just like huge physiological doses of tren wasn’t used back then either and they still look great and as mentioned test had more nasty side effects like bloating, hair loss, ect ect as with any testosterone based drug. They actually lifted and grew into their shows vs dropping 30 pounds to make weight. Testosterone has been around way longer then most androgens and wasn’t being really utilized until the 80s and so on and it wasn’t because they didn’t know about it. A good therapeutic dose of 200-300mg  isn’t bad but some of these guys jamming 1000+ a week makes me laugh because the guys 50 years ago looked awesome and didn’t have to use it. Seems more guys are dying off day by day and at a younger age and the guys using the gear i mentioned are still alive , but they didn’t know shit 🤷‍♂️"
Ahhhhh the good ol “bUt GeNeTiCs” debate. Youre relying on this kid yo be a genetic hyper responder for him to be natty. No other reasons why he is?
Put this guy on DNP. Get his cut done in 48 hours!
"Myth quality meat/fatty fish and fresh or frozen greens and fruits, along with daily sunlight are a much better use of your money if your doctor isn’t worried about specific vitamins deficiencies."
Which ppl programs do you recommend? I have some lifting experience but I wouldn’t call myself an intermediate or advanced just yet
Looks more like chicken breast and broccoli to me.
"How many of you guys actually have good training partners? Used to train with a guy 4 years ago, really helped bring some intensity but we drifted in what we wanted to do in the gym. Haven’t had a good training partner since but I definitely miss it."
[Video of him backstage at what looks like this event](https://youtu.be/5ycipB9HJOI)
"Lol Wesley got €500 (about $600) as prize money. Purely symbolical at this point. You can make more in a day of physical labour (eg construction, electrician, plumber)"
It will increase the size of your loads. No joke
Sounds good
did she hate u too? are u male?
"Or you could be considered the ""nice guy"" who can cover someones shift as a friendly favor becausecyou dont mind whatsoever.

Depends if your coworkers are cool or douches"
Heavy DB flies always make my chest sore out of every other chest exercise.
Im interested in the details of this.  Im 285 lbs right now (6'2) and would like to start leaning out more
It looks a lot better in those pics
"Sergio is his own biggest fan. Real piece of shit to Fouad and Nick earlier this year too. Glad to see Nick say Sergio wasnt a tool to him at the Arnold, then again he seems to only want to talk shit on ig and not in person."
I’d argue his structure is what holds him back. Dude is a lean 200 off season but on stage will get outsized by dudes coming in lighter just cause his frame isn’t very large.
"They can say whatever, but it’s better to have people guess if your an idiot than remove all doubt. 

As for the constructive thing, how is telling someone lat symmetry is off 3 fucking weeks before the show constructive? Seriously?"
"He doesnt need a movie to help look bad, he's just a massive douchebag, thats his personality"
"Wow. Arnold, thank you. I really do appreciate that because I am trying my best. I'll be the first to admit I make a lot of mistakes, more than I wish, but I don't give up and I love helping everyone I can while I chase the goals in my life. I wish there were stronger words that existed in which I could express how deep my gratitude towards you is but all I can say is - thank you. And thank you for granting me one of those goals tonight. 

Also, my mom wanted me to tell you I'm half Austrian and that my 30th birthday is in two weeks :)"
Sounds like something a racist would say.
Take it however you want it. Sir. 😴
"Sounds like good advice and kind of hits on why I'm thinking about switching. Not looking to compete and getting stronger is okay, but looking stronger is okay-er."
"Im doing reps to failure atm, itll be a while before i switch to anything"
"Yo anybody want to hit me with their hard rock/ metal workout playlists? Mines getting quite stale and I’m looking to add some new hitters to the rotation. 

Also wouldn’t mind if someone had some good EDM or trap rap playlists. Not as familiar with those but do enjoy them when I happen to catch the right one."
Will definitely give it a try.
"Yeah once you trade in your natty card, you'll always have an advantage over someone who never touched gear. Just the elevated number of myonuclei and satellite cells make it impossible for anyone who's used gear to ever return to a truly natural state."
"Honestly I don’t even use any apps to track, just plug shit on my calculator on my phone and it takes a few minutes out of my day if that. It’s easier than it sounds, calorie progression is pretty important for a deficit (especially if your deficit is relatively small like ~200 kcal)"
"You make a fairly convincing argument.  

This is definitely the highest bf% I've ever been at, which is kinda discouraging.  But I finally fill out shirts the way I like that that's not something I'd like to give up with a big cutting phase.  So right now I have my macros set for maintenance.

Maybe I just need to bite the bullet and do a proper cut.  Then again girls sometimes like the dad bod."
"Walking 10,000 plus steps a day on a cut is literally a bio hack."
Okay thanks I’ll go for 500 surplus :) is it better?
"Yeah he has spent his time since winning his pro card putting on size. If you look at his photos from that show it is clear he had the frame to put the mass on. Matt Jansen knows how to get guys big, that is for sure. And that environment he trains in is perfect for him. His wife is a very high level competitor as well, she's a multi-time figure Olympian."
"Yeah, I’m not sure if the post is a joke or not?"
GH and Tren for the win!
😂😂💀 thanks bruh hahaha 💪🏾😂
"Nice, now you have graduated to senior drugs."
Sleep good. Why would you think sleeping would be bad?
Kill yourself
"Alright so python is super useful to know and it sounds like you’re on the right track.

A small piece of advice from someone who charges 4 figures a day as a contractor in the field, do not chase money. Money will come with time and experience. Get good at fundamentals, keep grinding the knowledge and try to get a foot in the door with a job in the industry and I promise you the money will follow."
Oh right we need one that tells the truth but also lies
I bought a tub with pretty low expectations and immediately bought 3 more tubs after trying it. It is worth it
"[Russian Fighter Pull Up Program] Started on 9,8,7,6,5. Currently on Day 7 at 10,9,8,7,7. Feel like im strugging at the 9-10 rep of my 1st set of 10 reps. Is this normal? I have read many good results of this programme such that people increase their pull up count from 9-14/15/16. Or is it just too early into the program to tell if im improving?

TLDR Quite worried as Day 7 into the program i seem to be not significantly stronger than Day 0. Advice?"
Thanks! About to hit them today 😊 I plan on having a fro hawk or some natural style on show day!
Retarded
"Just moved to a new city. After like two weeks, a gym bae adds me on ig. I followed her back, and what now? Do i dm her and ask her what's up or am i just overthinking this like a meathead that she's just following me to get the ""follow back""?"
Pppp-pulllll day. Gonna crush deadlifts tonight.
" is it fair to say everyone else feels the same way in the same situation? so any time I see someone playing games for hours I can be confident they feel the same as I would feel doing that? bc if you addressed someone about that sort of thing no doubt they wouldn't come out and say ""oh yeah man I feel like shit when I play games"", no they would say something like ""hey man it's just how I relax after work, mind your own Ps and Qs"". total bs? I think so but I always like hearing other people's thoughts"
As someone with a chronic illness (not crohns) I appreciate you and your efforts
"this is the advice I was looking for, thank you !"
I'm sure bud.
Just be sure you're losing around 1 lb a week. No more or less
"&gt;	why can’t you progress effectively by hitting each body part twice a week, with between 12 to 20 sets per week and progressively overloading your weight?

You can, that’s the point I’m making. You can even do it hitting the body part once a week if you prefer. It’s not that serious. Train hard, recover well."
"You have a low body fat percentage, which is why you’re able to distinguish between each muscle in your bicep. Good shit. Make sure you balance your arms by training your triceps on the backside of your arms. Plenty of workouts and information out there to put a good arm circuit in place."
Eh maybe the blood work was fake . But he had test levels of a 9year old girl and pre he was a-ok
If planet fitness is a judgement free zone how come the people at the front desk can judge my tank and gallon jug??
"good luck my dude! 


These videos really helped me when I was job searching

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmvRfeav5WU&amp;t=1s

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTC2s61koes&amp;t=3s

Also, get your linked in game up to par. Then search every single day on linked in jobs, click ""easy apply"" and ""posted last 24 hours"", then apply to every job under the category you want. You should see a lot of calls for interviews by doing that!"
Okay Escanor...we see you
he got hate because he was  riding on zyzz's fame.
"&gt; You're the only one to blame if something goes wrong

That's not true. You can also blame your parents for sticking you with shitty genetics."
"Must be my lucky day,  opened a new can and the scoop was right on top.  Never happened before.  In fact, my last new can the scoop was all the way at the bottom and I didn't save the last previous scoop. (moved recently and cleaned out) Anyway,  better play the lottery."
"That’s the plan, gonna do it in a sec. thanks"
"Just do PPL 2x a week and don’t go lower than 6-8 reps. I too don’t care about strength training because it does zero for how you look. I care more about allowing the muscle I’m targeting to do the work. I still go heavy in a sense, but none of that 2-3 rep range garbage."
"Noob here. Is it bad to do 3 sets of dumbbell curls and then some more like 2 hours later? 

If so, why?"
"I've heard the same. Pretty much everyone I know has been on adhd meds at some point, most with a script. In college I made more money selling my monthly script to kids who claimed they needed it to function than I did at my off campus job"
Stop being so pretentious man and just be more specific next time
Sorry brah
"On the left it looks like Dorian and Lou (mass monsters?)  Dude on tge right looks lije phil from the head but i really cant tell.  Conditioning for 90's guys and guys after is gonna always be a topic of discussion because the 90's was a transitional period.  Thanks to Dorian, ypu either said ""im gonna be bigger"" or ""im gonna double down on what I got"".  I think because of Dorian you had this and when Ronnie came it was like everybody agreed, Bigger is better.  Shawn Ray and Flex, perfect physiques but, standing next to a 300 lb Ronnie who is conditioned its like two 212 dudes decided the day of to do mens open bodybuilding.  Before the 90's even though im sure anabolics were around and stuff like but everyone did their best to emulate the winners meaning,  if he won looking like that i gotta try my best to look like that but better.  IMO, people didnt start speaking out for lack of conditioning until you had controversial olympia winners i.e. Injured Dorian and bubble guts in the past few years, plus i believe people are fascinated with mass monsters but at the end of the day its about the look, Shawn Rhoden imo proved that because like Psycho says ""You cant beat Phil trying to 'Be' Phil.  You gotta beat him with the best version of ""You"".  Its very subjective, im a fan of some mass monsters but i can tell some of them wont ever smell a top 2 or 3 placing at the Olympia because they just dont look as relatable or just aestheticly pleaseing compared to others.  Ramy, was sooo much better than EVERYBODY else it wasnt close.  The side chest shot is iconic but the difference now is that Ramy understood he was already bigger than everybody else so now the question is what will make me ""Look Better"" than everybody else.  Like, getting bigger is not impossible for people, making that shit look good is another AND THEN, being compared in a line up is even harder.  Just what i think.  Agree to Disagree."
Lol ok whatever you say sweet heart
"No, I mean more in the sense that all of the current stress and mental health issues that come with the situation, some people being full WFH, plus well, that in a lot of places they don't have gyms available, could justify a little weight gain, the situation is complex af. But as I say, a little, not getting overweight/obese haha."
"I like to do standing or bent over with cables, one arm at a time. Mind-muscle connection is really important IME. Also try to get several sets, not just a few."
He’s definitely not 5’10”
"Wow, incredible. Were you using before? Solid work!"
"Well for starters there is no perfect diet so straying from your plan is only a bad thing if you make it so. No one is perfect, life gets in the way(and it should, there's more to life than bodybuilding) and everyone has to adapt and compensate once in a while. Allowing yourself diet freedom is a good thing and will make it much easier to stick to this lifestyle in the long term. Theres a time and a place to be on point and that time doesn't exist for most of us. Let the professionals beat themselves up over extra calories/missed meals"
Ok
"If you want a preworkout that will make you laser focused, get dmaa irate. Mindblowing good and not overstimmed like dark energy"
"Very true, the program seemed amazing! Plus I really vibed well with the coach! They just bought a new weightroom which is their 3rd now but it’s gotta be worth close to a million dollars or more lmao


I’m pretty certain since it’s through the NCAA that every team member would be drug tested atleast 2-3 times a year minimum but obviously if someone had inside information they could work around that with no issues. Personally I don’t think the shot put guy was on gear because yes he had big muscles but he didn’t have any definition or vascularity at all. I know that’s not a great indicator but at the same time the coach could pretty easily have said he was heavier than he actually is"
"Was gonna leave the gym, felt shitty grinding through everything but now I’ve got sushi to earn!"
"3rd week of my mini cut, probably going for 2 more weeks (gyms has been closed for 4 months or so) 
https://ibb.co/KKrRqqR"
Is it me or Flex looks sytholed as fuck in his late competitions?
"&gt; Good shampoo and conditioner can only be bought at a salon or barber and I'm not joking.

Nahh, you can order it online. At least in the UK. Missus is a qualified hair fondler although doesn't work in the field now (yup, I definitely don't ever need to pay for haircuts...life is good)"
Heart failure can be induced
Well I hope to have half of that “fat that moves weight” that you have one day.
I just posted it and WE WON THE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP!!!
"Definitely gonna look into grabbing a coach especially in terms of posing, I figured with the level In a few months I can at least place decently, saw the previous NPC winners and it didn’t look overly difficult to surpass IMO"
Lol’d literally that was good
Phat ass
"Can’t tell if I’m irritated or envious of people who have the confidence/lack of awareness that lets them shout and yell in the gym. 

Guy is squatting 205x5 and moaning and groaning loud as fuck. I’m in the rack next to him for a set of 345x3 and would never imagine making those noises before reaching a legit impressive weight."
Risky; I like it. Are you one of the 6 or 7?
"Dude a suit hides leanness more than almost any other type of clothing.

Unless your issue is you cannot fit into your suit, that I can relate to."
Lol. Do it
fuck off
"I’m just telling you how it is, like it or not"
He was scored as the worst poser out of the top people.
Prove me wrong but only the insecure lifters thinks that the “sus machine” is gay
"I linked it because I like the sample routine at the bottom. But I spent hours on the IM forums when I ran DC training last year, I love the methodology."
"what the fuck is this guy’s post history? small penis, incel logic about women, trying to get a girlfriend on twitch? what the fuck?

either a troll or literally one of the most pathetic men to roam the planet"
"Honestly, certain things are targeted at certain groups and marketing is more effective than anyone realizes. There’s a reason stuff like subliminal advertising had to be banned. 

I don’t totally blame people for falling for the same stuff everyone around them does, because we are inherently social creatures, but it is interesting to muse about how these little echo chambers exist all over."
Nice feet
You hit if off with someone and are shit canning it because you're being ironically prejudice lol. Do they treat ALL PEOPLE nicely? Do the they not say racist shit? Cant imagine throwing away an opportunity to be happy because of who theyre going to vote for every four years lmao
Ummm no abs aren’t perfectly aligned
"If you’re *particularly* irresponsible, you can end up like Bostin Loyd and almost lose your entire arm because your tricep is almost entirely replaced with a giant abscess."
One of my biggest fears is marrying one of those dyed hyper blonde with brunette undertone gorgeous christian copy paste girls. Every time I see one on tinder I just get like the fear of god in me
Oh better than nothing I suppose
"Agreed. Although I can be very political, I never try to be when its not actively being discussed.

I always wonder if it was like this when my parents were younger, or if our generation is just crazy as hell"
Just a normal person. Seriously these were normal people. Two normal people chopping it up.
I mean in the video he says party drugs.
"I do like the sound of those coconut shavings..,the calories don't count if you don't know about them, right?!"
"Idk about the quantity but yes, sure!"
I think it would be cool to see him and Akim stand next to each other.
"Just want to thank u guys for all the advice. Gonna stop cutting so aggressively. 

I have one question though so I can get a good understanding. If say my tdee and maintenance were 2000, and I burned say 500 calories from exercise i.e steps and what not, does that mean I eat 2500 to maintain my weight, 3000 to gain weight and 2000 to lose weight? thanks for the help"
"I’m sure it would’ve looked better if you weren’t somewhat fatigued from doing 275 and 295 beforehand. Just be safe, my son"
"Ahh thanks I hope so, definitely my best body part is my quads!"
Serious question. How do you get a steady and reliable source of steroids? I haven't been able to find any reliable source since the product being sold are always different.
At least they are free unlike in Germany...
Fairly well proportioned imo besides legs as you said. You know what you gotta do homie 💪
"Lmfao already knew it was gonna be good ol mike o’tren before I even clicked the damn link. 

God that video of mike falling off the stage from a year or two back was just pure gold"
"Maybe he was gay.  

Should've fucked them both."
Lol the comment thread you're responding to is someone saying he looks better than everyone on this sub. Tbh he probably looks better than everyone except like 10 people on here
"I have stopped doing all leg exercises except Walking Lunges with dumbbells, and kettlebell squats..."
No one cares. Less talking about super straight and more talking about super sets
Yeah ur a future classic physique. Just add 10 more lbs of muscle
"Anyone else love EQ for the ridiculous cardiovascular endurance it gives you? I normally hate cardio, but now I’ll do 40 min and it’s so easy I barely notice the time pass while I watch videos on my phone."
Best arms in the show tho 😏😏😏
"Thanks for the 240p and edited .jpeg. Add some more noise to it.

Great back tho"
Try doing it for time under tension.
"was out with some friends and the waitress was clearing the tables, we ordered some hot wings and there was one left. we were asking if anyone wants to finish it, the waitress was waiting for a bit and then proceeds to take a glance at me and was like ""you look chubby, you can finish it""

after that hot wings, I guess it's time for a minicut for some facial gains."
I'd call Steve Reeves and John Grimek perfect.
" I was watching a fun vid where they talked about why shorter (&lt;1,70 cm) people shouldn't DL nor squat for aesthetics (waist, fat ass, big legs et cetera).

**Do shorter people need to train differently, for aesthetics, compared to taller people?**  
Since shorter people also put on mass ""more easily"" (they need less mass to look fuller because of the height)."
"My new life motto, lol"
"Agreed, which was a shame because of his insane genetics. He truly had god tier proportions *and* genetic response. 

These days he could’ve been absolutely crushing it in Classic if he adapted his methodologies to today’s time."
Nice job responding to a 5 year old comment retard
"It's his lower back, or the lack of it"
1080ti has been released 7 years ago - God that hits right in the feels
"&gt; Censor the internet?

Yes. Great start. Holding online media to the same accountability standards that other media is held to is a great start and already legal practice in certain countries. Require ID verification for more platforms and hold people legally responsible for spreading harmful misinformation. 

&gt; Idc what you do

You sure seem to be replying a lot for someone who's so aloof."
Dangerously close to blackface
Bet you have a small dick AND small arms
"Hey lads, super general question--

How long are your bulking cycles, typically? Or is there no typical? I'll be starting my first ""planned"" bulk in a few months, so I wanted to see how long folks typically gain for."
its probably cuz  theyll eat like 4k cals one day a week and be like BRO I EAT SO MUCH but they eat 2k every other day of the week.
"That's wonderful, I hope you and your family had a blast! I bet it was fucking gorgeous over there!"
"Hi, sorry for the newb question. But ive seen this mentioned a few times about his legs. The Varicose part. Is it bad? I thought it was just cuz of how big ans muscular he was that made his veins show?"
"The god damn non reracker is back and she brought her bf the non masker. 

This gym doesn't do shit.

At least I hit 2 plates today on my bench. Soon enough I'll be doing them 5×5. Lets fucking go bbs"
I have no idea where you got the idea that I’m “bashing.” Stop being so sensitive.
"Just plain citrulline and creatine .
You can also try beta alanine I guess if you like the tingling sensation"
"Bro. Real talk here because we care about you and want you to succeed. 

Gaining weight only matters if you stay slim in the waist. 

&gt;Nobody cares if you can bench 500 lbs but look like shit. 

-Rich Piana

You ate too much, too fast, without doing enough cardio and now have love handles. You need to cut on the calories, recomp, increase cardio. Photo 2 should be about as big as you go on a bulk in the waist. Photo 3 is too far."
"Thanks, Think that will work."
"I do agree with you, when I am cut my abs are a lot more defined, I just feel I could also add more ab training to my regiment so I can have better abs aswell"
"Natural or not, not my concern, you still have one hell of a physique. Your physique is what I strive to achieve one day as a natural. This would be kind of physique I would want to achieve before taking PEDs if I ever intended to."
"it is but honestly all of his fat seem to be in his belly and he had gyno so those tits are greatl exagarated by gyno, he wasnt like one of those dudes that need a crane to get out of bed because they are 450 lbs, dunno maybe i have a weird perception of whats REALLY fat"
Just do 531 BBB if you want more volume. I always fall back on some variation of 531 when I need something simple that I can get done in an hour or less when work / life gets busy. I made the most progress in terms of putting on overall size by running 531 variations for about 18 months.
Legs are just nuts
Yes actually I’m their long lost son ;) Lol I’m used to the Von Moger comparisons but Logan Franklin has definitely been new.. what is is it that reminds you of him?
"You looking right bro.

Legs look great and that’s the hardest part to separate.

You’ll do well sir.

P.S. Don’t ask for advice on Reddit, most people in this thread don’t work out and are in high school.

You look better than a huge majority of them."
The 5-10 minutes it takes to shit is worth not being bloated for your entire workout though
"This guy's natural god damnit, right babe?"
"I care. Also, what kind of donuts tho?"
If you are just an active person you can see those lines on your leg. I wouldn't say that they are sign of strength but they are for sure sign that you are sportive
The fucked up part is that I can't even tell if this is a joke or not because it really do be like that
Ya but serges chest looks like those edible jellys that were popular on tik tok. So damn aesthetic.
Ill never understand people that come to the dd and act superior to people that post to the dd... while posting to the dd themself.
"Oh ok fair enough. Out of curiosity, how do you know if you've over worked yourself?"
Sorry for the lack of knowledge but what is thirst traps ?
This is WBFF Men’s Fitness Model category.
I’m sure it was enlightening and hopefully helped you figure out how to compensate and move forward.
"“Once you’ve cut enough…” 
You just answered your own question."
I started at 27 lol
"I love how boomers can see something completely innocuous with no relation so “cancel culture” or anything bad, and somehow still find a way to get mad at millennials(who are currently on the stage competing).

There’s a reason BP meds are the most prescribed, it’s because y’all get mad about anything."
"r/prostate_milking

Why yes it is, thank you for asking."
"It's his damn workout that's listed in r/fitness recommended workout programs in the faq. 

https://www.muscleandstrength.com/workouts/arnold-schwarzenegger-volume-workout-routines"
"Phil. It hides his most glaring weakness which is his width

Might want to use a better year of Phil though considering 2020 was one of his worst showings"
"Well one of them tastes a hell of a lot better and is easier to make and digest so I’d say sweet potato.

White rice is an even better one but high GI unlike the other 2."
Now I want an anata_baka uwu translation of this
Holy shit i want to try roids now
"Haven't tried but must be good to yeah! In fact I use salt when doing them sweet too, kicks up the flavour a bit."
Some will throw in primo as well
Not idk but it would definitely be men’s physique or classic
Man I love fishing
Very nice
Did Markus Ruhl get sick? He's only 49 but looks like he's in his 60's...
Thank you man! What's your ig?
You worded it much better than I did
Good to be back boys. Had a joocy chest workout finished off with some cardio and I’m feeling hella zen rn
I love me some HGTV as well. Property Brothers gets annoying to me though. They don't seem like they actually do anything unlike the man Chip.
"That's a good benchmark man, always feels good to hit that one!"
I’m not ready to get rid of mine yet. Good luck brother
You're gonna kill it 🔥
"Good. More proud of my dad for not eating a fuck ton of chips and stuff though, he’s trying to lose weight again..."
"Well, the range you gave was 1-3 eggs, add one egg in, if you don't notice it, add one more, and then one more, and if you still don't taste it, add another"
Almost fucked up my knee due to losing focus because my squirrel brain decided I needed to read the sticker on the squat rack mid squat
DB lying curls?
Bro you look fucking great. Good luck and no matter what happens you look like what your work has put in. Fucking incredible.
Franco was pretty strong relative to his height and weight
It helps yes
"I like prep vlogs as long as they aren’t too long or too often. Prep is about consistent progress day to day, which can be pretty hard to see on a daily basis. So as long as it’s put out there no more often than weekly, maybe a bit more often the last 2-3 weeks, it’s pretty interesting. I also appreciate it when they are more matter of fact about what’s going well or poorly instead of rah-rah motivational bullshit."
"Was not a fan of east of Eden, so frickin boring"
"Yeah man I got lucky, my mom's sister married a doctor who became the ""rich uncle""

So my mom and aunt went out shopping, stopped by Electronics Boutique so my aunt could get one for my cousins. The cashier jokingly said ""We've got 2 left, why not take both of them!?""  so she did lol 

Had to get my SNES used back in the day, and our NES was won at a raffle even further back. We always had shit, it just took some finagling to get it."
Wow!!! Those are some thighs girl!!! Yeehaw! She really put in the work for her physic I respect that.
"That’s funny probably true, I was minding my own business when this shit show happened so idk."
Great for strength and hypertrophy but absolutely soul destroying on the 10x3 days.
"So what’s your shredding process like? I’m similarly built, natty and trying to shred also"
Hey that sounds like what my dad used to say to me 😀😃😃
"Doesn't make it any less true. I'm not natty and look worse. Maybe it's genetics, maybe it's lazyness"
"For me, it's like I'll never be able to see how much fitter/slimmer/prettier/stronger/whatever I am than I was before, or how much fitter I am than the average person. I can ONLY see how far I am from my ideal or goal, and the goal is always moving."
Thanks babe just put down the mcgriddle
"I need to see the results, definitely don’t believe this man. I bet he doesn’t even eat beans."
"We don't need camera angles. Seriously.   


Down lighting.   
A single HD camera situated next to the judges.   


Done."
"Speech and conversation is a straight up skill bro. Think of it like levels, like skyrim you know. I personally put all my points in ""lifting"" and ""retardation""."
"Wow bro, you’re so enlightened. You think that viruses are caused by deficiencies in your body. I have zero interest in having a debate with someone with a learning disability lol."
"Went to get some yummy post workout snack, saw one of those rice cakes with dark chocolate and orange, 80 calorie per each one. Thought whole package was 4 of them so hey, fitted my post meal. Opened the package and it was 8 of them. Still only ate 4, that was harder than the whole workout :("
Very confusing placings lol don’t see someone taking 3rd in novice classic winning the open bb class
Shaving will help how your muscles look before you even get to anything else
"Yeah hopefully, just have to up the trestalone"
Hunter’s face encapsulates the pain of existence.
30 second rests is like doing cardio for me lol
I'd have to see the front to say for sure
Or clean the equipment like filthy animals. It takes no effort to put up your equipment and wipe down the benches.
Does anyone have suggestions to prevent elbow soreness? Having some mild discomfort and plan on not locking anything out the next few weeks to alleviate that but not sure if I should be doing any prehab type stuff as well.
"Fair point but if we’re being objective, both Ronnie and Jay had already proven themselves on the Olympia stage prior to their guts getting out of control. For example Ronnie was a multi crowned Olympian prior to his midsection issues. In his later years I do feel the judges forgave his gut problems a bit because of his earned status. Now with Nick he had midsection distension even before he became a pro, although it does look like he’s worked a lot to remedy the situation though, so big respect in that regard."
"Sometimes I get sad that I can’t see my tricep all the time but then I realize at least other people can and that makes me feel better.

🙂"
"Thanks fam, comparisons hopefully Feb next year."
Thanks so much for your reply! I’ll definitely look into this and try some. I appreciate it
Favorite workout routine?
"Honestly not a ton without having seen you the duration of a prep, knowing your diet, if you’ve manipulated sodium, etc. The most ideal situation is to not have to manipulate water at all toward the end of a prep and into a peak. It’s starting to become an outdated method. This is also dependent on how many carbs you’re loading, if you’re taking diuretics, etc. There’s just a lot that goes into it that I’m not confident in any answer I can give without weeks and weeks of info."
"fucking teach me if i'm wrong asshole, i am open to forming new opinions. you cant just disagree with me and provide literally ZERO reason for me to believe you. why would I change my mind if you're not gonna show me how im wrong and instead just be a dick?"
"I was super setting incline DB bench and bent DB rows for the second day in a row. I didn’t feel an acute pain, but felt really weak and a dull pain slowly crept on. That injury kept me out of the gym for several months. I couldn’t open a door or even hold a laptop in my right arm. My shoulders sat noticeably uneven. I eventually saw an MAT therapist and I started doing rehab and getting tissue work done under my armpit. Eventually, while working on my pec minor, I heard a loud pop, and my arm fell back into place. I can still feel the scar tissue in my rhomboid, and it hurts if I do upper body without warming up my upper back. This was like 7 years ago. 

So my advice is don’t fuck around with your upper back and rotator cuffs. And when you do hit them, slowly crank up the volume. Don’t go straight to 20 sets a week."
Your thighs are insane bro
"I do like 2 and a half to 3 hours of cardio a week, average 10-15k steps a day and lift for 1.5 hours 3 days on one off. 

I was at 3200 calories and stopped gaining so I've just increased the cals every two weeks of no progress and I haven't made any progress in like a month. Went from 3300, to 3500, and now 3500 to 3650. 

I guess my body just doesn't want to change all that much. I don't even have scale fluctuations over one pound even when I've increased carbs by almost 100g a day."
"Thanks! Man idk, adjustable dumbbells do not get me excited to workout. 

I do a Meadows variant for lateral raises sometimes.

Half ROM heavy as I can, lift the lats as high as they can (so 40’s) for 12 reps then do 12 reps with 12 lb weights.

I bet doing the floor flies with 40’s for 12 reps then doing the Arnold flies for 12 with lower weight would be a killer superset"
Cbum's evil twin
"Looking thick, solid, and tight.  

But seriously focus on your facial expression and smile. Nobody wants a competitor on stage looking like they’re trying to force out a world record dump."
Just Not straining it and massage will help it. Use a lacrosse ball and yoga block. You need to just take a break. Don’t make the injury worst
"Dude your legit motivating me because i started just as fat as you were. I always see progress pics of people starting out skinny then getting buff, rarely fat people getting buff. If a previously fat person can get stage lean, then for sure i can get lean enough to get a 6 pack."
nice quads!!!
Lol jacked dude have been shilling shit they don’t use forever. It’s part of being human
"Nice, which one? I’m currently trying to be a land surveyor"
Sounds like an absolutely terrible tragedy 100%. However if you look at the data he’s an absolute anomaly.
Thank you! It’s a struggle but tryin over here lol
"Nah man I feel ya I've been at maintenance (2.5k cals) for 2 weeks. Starting my bulk tomorrow.

Whats helped me feel a little less hungry is intermittent fasting and only eating between 12 - 8 pm. Something about eating breakfast just makes me an absolute slut for food for the rest of the day."
So you think it will look exactly like it did before the tear? Assuming he rebuilds the mass.
"Minor injury, non-COVID illness, waiting for the vaccine, car problems, a family thing, or the tried and true ignoring his calls/messages. You gotta be able to come up with *something.* Or just tell him to fuck off."
Whole food is fine. Maybe a bit less carbs and higher fat in your pre bed time meal.
"Thanks, will do. I’ll be back in a year"
Lol not a very good photo but we snapped them quick before jumping in the car was running late. Can get the gist from it 🤷🏻‍♂️
"Great progress on the fat loss, however, Bikini requires a lot more muscle than what you can gain in 7 weeks. You need a good year or two of weightlifting and lean gains before you'll have a Bikini physique."
"Yeah, Chris definitely has much better flow to his physique. As do Terrence and Breon. Steve looks incredible, but his physique just doesn't flow to me. Just looks like a bunch of amazing individual body parts. Not sure man. This is why bodybuilding is so weird for a lot of people. Its so subjective that even when someone wins, its rarely if ever clear."
Cool 👌🏻
"Steroids.  

It's an unfortunate thing that's going on among fitness influencers where people adamantly deny doing performance enhancing drugs yet try to sell their audience results that are impossible to achieve without doing so.  

Reasons for this are mainly the fact that steroids are illegal in most western countries including the US and the fact that supplement companies are very hesitant if not outright denying to give sponsorship deals to influencers that do not claim they are natural."
"Hammer strength v squats, smith machine rdls, leg press, and some calves before 11.5 hour shift at work. I’ll take it"
"Homie you look good, but we can't really critique you from this single pic."
"For sure. I bet a lot has to do with angle, but just like Gal Gadot put on a lot more muscle for Wonder Woman than she previous had in the fast furious series, I bet Portman packed on some upper body. Most of it I’m sure will be passing in the costume opposed to her actual arms and shoulders."
Fair enough. Might go for a vanilla or even cookies and cream since ive never had it
Lol imagine trying to argue that Ronnie is the GOAT when [this man](https://imgur.com/a/NhY5n7H) exists. It’s like comparing one of those nasty massive HGH filled cheapo chicken breasts at Walmart to a beautiful natural slim but perfect amount of meat free range local farmers market chicken breast. Do you even care about aesthetics? My wife tells me all the time that bigger isn’t always better and I think that’s very applicable in this situation.
Exactly what I was thinking haha
"Yeah that’s what I’ve been thinking a lot. Like yeah they got this cool shit, like meditation rooms too, but all that’s pretty much free lol"
"You dropped this king: 👑

You're stronger than any alcohol, tell it to fuck right the hell off. You got this"
"Hi. I’m no expert but sometimes I have the same issue when gaming on my phone and after a research it looks like a carpal tunnel syndrome. Still it’s not serious matter and it doesn’t happen often for me. Again, please note that I’m nowhere close to doctor and only did a Google search while I had this effect so don’t count on my assumption alone. Cheers."
good bot
"Ill be real with you chief. I am 22 years old..at 18 years old I got into Sarms...now at my age I have T levels of around 150-300 ng/dL as of yesterday and am looking to be on TRT for the rest of my life when before I ever touched a PED bloodwork showed it being in the 800's. If you are going to shut yourself down, because LGD and every other sarm WILL shut you down...save yourself the headache and just do testosterone."
Do you want me to shave
"I definitely agree when it comes to the alcoholism. Especially as a guy, you’re expected to drink like 3 beers every time you go out to socialize. I just do what Arnold used to do and just dump it out and fill it with water to make people think you’re drinking or I’ll just take one beer and sip it once and then carry it around with me to seem like I already have a drink."
"&gt; Name a better duo
 
Fat girls doing hip thrusts in the Smith machines at planet fitness"
Is this a surprise to anyone?
"I'm probably gonna watch it, but who the fuck makes a 4hr movie"
"I'm on week 7 of GB, can agree that strength and overall mass has blown up. 

Disclaimer** this is paired with 500mg test and some dbol here and there."
I would say ASAP for trial and error purposes. Nothing new on race day and all.
Re-read what I said lmao
"Switch hit, gotta bring up the lagging forearm on the other side."
"Honestly, it depends if you can recover sufficiently."
"I lowkey like it this way, a slightly larger back could be better though. what do u do for triceps, maybe i can help"
Interesting. I hear people use these words like “insertions” and “shape” but I’m not sure what is good or bad. Is it just an eyeball test? Or is there criteria that they follow?
"Thank you very much for your suggestion, i Will definetly try that out!, so what you're saying is that it is because my right side has dominatet in my lifts and therefore outgrown my left side?"
"Be careful mate, a gust of wind might send you airborne.

Looking sick!"
"He's extremely active on social media and frequently does Q&amp;As, try asking him on there"
Frank Zane is still going strong (and looking good) at almost 80 years of age. Very healthy.
Damn bro lookin good! I can’t offer advice. But support!! Haha good luck bro!
Stupid thread
"Sounds like u got some shit on your shoulders dog, maybe try some intense therapeutic meditation to get over your problems. Alternatively stop being a fuckin punani and go get ripped."
"I feel depressed and incredibly tired for as much as 3 days afterwards depending on how much I drank. Past tense drank, because I’m done with that shit"
"Thank you, appreciate it🙏"
"Hell yeah, congrats!"
I doubt it's tiny.
"hahaha maybe it is just the brands that I am getting. I'm 5'10"" which isn't tall but certainly not short, yet the tops still look long on me

Idk, probably overthinking it"
I'm glad you're letting us know about your fantasies.
"Me too, buddy. I hope it was a great one."
Honestly idk if i can do 135 3 times but i’ll try it next time
Love that thigh feather!
3 letter agent glow so bright
Thank you for the honest response and pics! You look great nonetheless! Solid work!
"With pics like this, you realize he’d actually do well in open, too. Not to the degree that he’s doing in classic, but still well enough compared to the average classic dude. I’d also imagine classic would be nowhere as big as it would be rn if it wasn’t for chris"
"I swear the guy on the left in the first pic was on MTV’s True Life “I want the perfect body”. 

Congrats on the placing OP looking epic!"
"Thanks for the reply, and you are absolutely right. I was taking the studies at face value, and not digging deeper in to learn about variations in the participants."
Frieza is pretty cool but his brother is Cooler 😎
nice going hun
" 

marketplace. It is a natural and great formula that aids the natural weight loss procedure. The originators of the supplement formulated it to assistance increase metabolism and burn obese simply. So, you will become the wanted marks in no time.

Take a guide to Meticore. We will say you about the profits, side effects, working processes, ingredients, and entirely there is to get about this dietary supplement. #health #dietplan #meticore #bellyfat #exercise #weightloss"
"Threw up for 12 hours straight once, didn't look any leaner just looked flat and deflated. Literally the worst I've ever felt the next day and I've been proper ill before, so hope you're feeling better man! And enjoy watching yourself blow up and every muscle start popping again over the next couple weeks!"
"I’m dead lmao. Currently in senior year of high school. Every single one of my classes average over 90 except for Statistics, which is a 70% lmao. Just took the test that makes or breaks me passing so we’ll see what’s up"
"I’ll simp for you, screw a bikini how much is your rent ? Simp life"
It’s always good to see others who were able to make it out on the better side of the ED. Congrats to you!
I usually just ignore it tbh but its irritating &amp; gets to be too annoying at times.
"i saw that right before posting! yeah a great point that i hadnt thought of was when joe pointed out ben's fought trained strikers. so being outmatched in striking/boxing doesnt actually mean anything

and GSL had a great one how clinching can actually fuck you up in boxing. idk boxing so always thought it was just a way to sort of 'break it up' but ben can actually fuck up paul when they hug lol"
"No u are lol you don’t even seem to remember what ur righting ur so fueled by being upset lol.. u said “it’s showing up on stage, out angling everyone and LOOKING fuller and more vascular”... u wrote that buddy not me... so if I LOOK fuller Nd LOOK more vascular it doesn’t matter
Also here

http://contests.npcnewsonline.com/images.php?image=6843080&amp;contest=2020%20NPC%20Night%20of%20Champions%20&amp;title=Tanner%20Snyder&amp;ids=6843054,6843057,6843060,6843063,6843066,6843070,6843073,6843077,6843080,6843084,6843087, 

His mid section is as wide as a house Nd his arms look like little noodles 🤷🏼‍♂️ id smash em 3 weeks ago lol"
"Somethin to ponder, that's for sure"
Depends for me. Plain avocado is a hard pass from me. Avocado with a little tajin tho is fantastic
"Yeah I am looking back at this after the 2021 olympia…  100% a pec tear. Idk whats with the downvotes, his front double bicep clearly shows a muscle tear and pretty severe at that. Almost looked like a crater when he was stage conditioned"
The covid vaccine hurts a hell of a lot less than pinning gear too. A bunch of guys pumping who knows what into their bodies complaining about “not knowing what’s in the vaccine” is the funniest shit imaginable. Like you’re really going to sit there pinning tren and preaching about the supposed dangers of the vaccine? Fuck right off
"This as fuck. First three cycles/blasts of my life, I was 20 and had no idea what I was doing with diet or training. Pulled my shit together, ran half the gear, and made better progress down the line."
"The first half of my workout was great but now the second half is sucking. I just wanna finish. Whatever it takes, Right babe"
"Only 200mg? Still quite a significant amount, what was your regular morning intake?"
Damn right!
Thanks for the tag!
Az would've been an awesome men's physique athlete. His muscle insertions and shoulders to waist ratio would've been perfect on stage if he put on a little bit more size.
Is it a lower back pump?
Far Cry 2 is an zebra exploding simulator with malaria.
"He looked worse than he did at Indy, and he didn't look very good at Indy lmao"
"Remember to make sure groceries are stocked correctly before you grab multiple boxes of what you think are the same thing. I grabbed 2 boxes of what I thought was raisin bran crunch but realized when I got home that the 2nd box was plain raisin bran. Im not even circlejerking cereal here, I'm just disappointed in myself."
Beautiful and strong!
Looking good bro keep at it.
"I've had bad oil injections that looked like Blessings shoulder. Looked pretty much identical. It would be more obvious if you could see him move his arm/shoulder in a video or in person, and the lump would be more obvious."
I just had an episode like this. I upped my calories to 2800 this past week and although I had a couple desserts Saturday I felt in control. It was nice.
"Yes it’s the 10mm, I’ve never used 13mm belts before but I’d imagine it would be noticeable"
Try to do some exercises/stretches to prevent injury
I love them and read them every time they're in my feed on Instagram. Keep it up!
"Yeaaaa Elliot went totally batshit crazy, probably longer than 5 years ago for him. Last I saw it was all pseudo lifestyle crackpot 'motivational' bullshit with him"
"The more I train the more I am not satisfied with my bone structure. I am not opposite of you, short and narrow.
But it is what it is. But in the end of the day, I am training for health (not gifted for IFBB) so keep a positive mindset.

Awesome physic"
"this looks so much better imo

[your old one for quick comparison](https://imgur.com/a/XVRuIK3)

pay attention to your hips between the 2. the open legs makes you exaggerate the X taper, making your waist look even smaller. this is it chief.

[cbum for comparison](https://imgur.com/a/ucyaTiL)"
"Big big, be handsome, don't be ugly, don't be short."
"Tbh, I just referenced gamma bomb training blocks as a meso"
"Yup, gotta go straight to the gym right after you clock out."
Wtf is this photo
That's what's keeping people like you and me from attending our first show. Truth is you'll be blended in with the rest. Don't worry
Another reason why you are weird pussy suck.
Bro I don’t blame you on the Tren. My doctor knows immediately when I’m on it. And I hate it even tho it works so well lol. You’re gonna do good man. Plus this is your first show. The more you compete the tighter you’ll get. Have fun with it. Learn your body. That’s what’s cool.
You are in such wonderful shape. Great with!!!
"I see improvement. And more importantly, once you’re at that Olympia level you’re not gonna see wild changes like going amateur to pro. The difference between last place and first at the Olympia is less than the difference between first and last at a standard show. Plus that’s one shot."
"Just a gravel trail with a small road section. It's what I train for, so its not so bad, just seems a lot longer after leg day lol."
His body weight is 195 and you want him to pack on weight to bench more than 155?
I want his progress then
301 reps jesus what the hell
"Bill Gates says you will eat your fake beef and enjoy it. Don't worry, it only modifies your DNA to make you impotent and vote democrat. No known side effects other than those minor adjustments will befall you."
"one leg being sore and the other not doesn't necessarily mean you were using one leg more than the other. anyways, muscle and strength asymmetries are common in newer lifters and will usually correct themselves for the most part over time through bilateral movements"
"hey bros, total supp noob here. I bought a new pre-workout that has creatine monohydrate in it, I can do two scoops for a full 5g of mono or 1 scoop for 2.5g. Sadly I also have a couple concret containers left, which is hcl creatine I think? I'm just wondering if it's a bad idea to do one scoop of each at different times of day to even out to a full dose of creatine? I haven't ever mixed creatines before so I'm not sure what the risk would be or if that wouldn't work/somehow screw up my creatine loading, dosage or efficacy.. any thoughts would be greatly appreciated!"
"I boxed for a few years. It’s fun as hell &amp; the confidence you gain from it will stay with you forever. 

I recommend contacts tho.. and also don’t spar without headgear if you change your mind and want to spar. 

My wife finally agreed to let me “pursue” boxing in a more serious manner &amp; as I was getting a physical for my first fight, the doctor told me I had suffered a detached retina at some point. 

All because I was a moron and sparred several times without headgear to get “toughened up.”"
"You retard, you literally weigh more than Arnold Schwarzenegger usually did when he was competing, and you’re supposedly a bit shorter than him and you’re clearly not fat by any stretch of the imagination. Yeah, I’m sure you’re naturally about as muscular as one of the best bodybuilders of all time"
What sort of gay shit is this?
"&gt; life has been pretty much normal since then

it's been really great, and it really sucks to be back in lockdown :-("
"1. Lift heavy weights 
2. Eat a shit ton of protein 
3. Sleep 8 hours

rinse and repeat"
My own Mom said I had chicken legs. Pretty sure I was sub-100 lbs at the time.
"Take it easy and look at it as a long term process. Monitor your bf% with as many tools as possible, pics, measurements and bf calipers are a good combination. 0.6 lbs per week sounds quite reasonable if you're doing that cycle IMO, could even aim for a little more if you don't see bf% go up.

If you're starving with that many calories (unless you're a really big guy, could make sense there) I'd look at food selection and distribution throughout the different meals, you may be hungry at some points in the day but starving is too much. Could also be something more mental due to all the restrictions during the cut."
"Yeah, what was Nick thinking?  He could have won this."
i love that he encouraged women to weight train rather than take the “you’ll look like a man” approach
"Second. 5g, fuck all that loading shit. Just 5g, stay hydrated."
"Hack squat, front squat, safety bar, Smith machine Bulgarian, dumbbell Bulgarian, goblet squat. All excellent squat variations."
Eat more and make sure your sleep hygiene is on point also pay attention to you accumulated fatigue levels. My only concern is longevity honestly.
Damn that looks good.
"I would like friends like that haha. It’s funny because I’m such a feminine person underneath my beard—I like shopping, pop music, don’t know anything about cars or sports or computers, yet my friends are into that and get mad if people talk about their emotions. watching this podcast reminds me of being a teenager with different people when you would talk all night long."
Abusing steriods !!
"Yeah besides the ending, which he was visibly frusrated about and later commented on, the flow of the routine was perfect. Everything matched the song's rhythm and melody. He even matched the intensity and elegance.

The people who knew where this song came from all definitely had goosebumps, including me."
"Totally agree, I would expect someone to have at the least 10 years experience to try to convince me that’s natty. By 19? Lmfaooo yeah right, good luck even maintaining that without juice"
Really means a lot! Thank you so much!
"Honestly if she’s not focused on you and constantly looking at her phone/fiddling with objects and or just looking around/not really engaging, she’s not feeling it. 
Dating is tough, I met my husband at 2am dressed in a unicorn onesie at 7/11 with friends doing a slurpee run. I probably looked like a hot mess. Sometimes it’s the place/person you’d least expect."
Holy fuckin shit those legs from behind are something else
But what’s the best split? How many grams of protein should I eat? Can I bulk on low carbs? What’s the deal with keto?
"You'd be surprised to learn how many guys around here build massive legs by only working them once every 4-7 days. Some guys may do about 1 and 1/2 leg days during a week, and now that's to *grow* them.

The part of the program you're on is all about maintaining what you've got while you focus on other parts of your body. You can 10000% maintain leg muscle mass just one day a week.

Trust the guy who coaches multiple Olympia-level competitors."
All good bro I’ve been over it haha! Congrats on the win bro good for you guys
Clearly I don’t. Just a non-competing gym bro who’s sub’d here for some reason
"I definitely wouldn't say they ""don't build anything"". They're good for glutes, erectors and hamstrings, as well as the upper back to a lesser extent.

They're probably not *the* best exercise for any of those muscles, but they cover a lot of bases for one movement. In fact if I could only do one exercise for hypertrophy it would probably be a variation on the deadlift."
"pretty sure the half life is the same

https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12898792/"
Apartment hunting is a bitch with shitty credit even with a cosigner. Gf and I trying to move in together (yes it's moving fast) but jesus fuck it doesn't even matter I have great income I really fucked myself over three years ago being a degenerate fuckhead. It's like you have to be a lifetime Mormon saint to get approved for a fucking 1br apartment.
"So let me get this straight- you think the media keeps mentioning that it's deadly because it's *not* deadly? That they would only repeat it frequently if it was all a big lie? Have you considered that maybe the media just tends to mention the basic facts of big things that are going on?

If we just had an obesity problem, then the deadly virus wouldn't have killed millions of people, many of whom were not obese. Obesity is certainly a risk factor though."
"thanks dude, means alot. Will probably transition into a CLEAN bulk then."
"Haha you might be right, but the “format” is great. Just good ole balls man. 

If I get myself a pint of ice cream, I’m not stopping with a scoop."
"I overloaded a Smith machine on stupid 20’s confidence, I knew I was going down so I tried to thrust my feet forward and let the bar slam down but my left foot didn’t shunt forward on the carpet floor on the gym. I’ve been lucky that after the 5 months of rehab that I haven’t suffered any further injuries. Saying that, I could be walking along and my left knee would sporadically just give this weird wobble where it feels like i get a minuscule ‘lateral movement’ feeling in my knee. My left leg is very weak."
"I lost close to 90 kilograms. The body dysmorphia at my lower weight is more significant to me now compared to me at 180 kg. I find myself always looking in mirrors, glass, anything reflective and try and see how small I am. Yet all I can see is that I'm big.

I know my experience is not limited to bodybuilding, but it's an experience I'd like to share nonetheless."
"It's understandable dude.  You were in panic mode.  Lesson learned.  Glad to see you are bouncing back!

I started looking up ""saltwaterconditioning"" after watching that video again to see if I can figure out who that coach was."
"of course, i meant in terms of optimizing training around lacking body parts in order to be more proportional and well rounded"
About competing just foken do it gain some experience 🤝 and try again and again and again soon or later you'll  succeed
Starting at 12?! Boy you better keep going and do not stop at all. Don't let anyone get in your way or put you down. Keep going to the gym.
He isnt even going to the Olympia this year lol
I’m guilty of 1
thank you! i was googling and noticed this too! i appreciate your tip!
"I'm sure your assumption is right, looks like prep and I'm sure it doesn't help at all, just adding to the list. Me personally, nothing fucks with my skin. Tren, nandrolone, orals, none of it even at higher doses. The only thing that touches it and my hair are e2 issues."
"Feel free to post your videos doing less than half reps for everyone else to see then.

Let's see those leg presses or the OHP you regularly come here to brag about. I've already seen it, I know how hilarious it is. 

You're probably the worst ego lifter here."
"&gt; I don't feel adequate academically

I think literally everybody deals with this at some point in acedemia my dude. You are in the right place. You wouldnt have made it this far if you werent."
Looks like we got to see the black cloud in action bro
"Look amazing for 6'3"" my guy"
Your husband looks hella good but you’re mogging the everloving shit out of him when he has a shirt on 😂
"They don’t like to feed the trolls around here. This a pretty serious forum all in all. I mean, I’ve scrolled this far and only seen one guy make a leg joke. 

Also, I got troll-ish vibes but wasn’t sure…. Until I saw pointy elbows. Lol. Great addition."
"When you look up douche in the dictionary it redirects you to Mike O'Hearn

Dude is such a loser"
Got 1700 buckaroos from my graduation party. Is it bad that the first thing I wanted to buy that came to my mind was creatine since I ran out?
Dude in the back lookin at you guys like “ok great you got your pics can I take a shit now?”
"Older, out of shape people love to say “oh this’ll be you someday” … I sure hope not"
Lol no it's not.
Thank you man
"It’s hepatotoxic, you dumbass. Try’s to act smart and doesn’t know actual word.
Takes steroids to look aesthetically appealing, looks like he has fucking chickenpox 😂😂"
You want to build 50lbs of muscle in 2yrs?
"Heard it’s too sweet but I love sweet ones, may give it a go"
"No way, with the amount of juice this guy takes, 6?!?! I am guessing 4 inches at most!"
"I was sick for a bit and it screwed my gym schedule up, I was at 4-5 times a week and now I'm back to 2-3 a week. I really don't like how easily it is to slip up and get out of the groove for me. How do you guys get back into the swing of things?"
You would do well in men's physique. You have a very good developed upper body but maybe better hiding those quads under some board shorts until they grow.
Congratz my man! Looking like a greek sculpture come to life!
I found some at my local 99 cent store lmao
"Damn man, been almost 2 years for me but i remember that pain early on. That deep horrible feeling. It gets better though, find distractions, reconnect with friends, and get those sweet sweet breakup gains!"
Honest question for you: why SARMs and not just actual gear? Like if you want to go the enhanced route why not just do the stuff that everyone agrees works?
"Gunna have to hard disagree. I get they aren’t necessary but nothing replaces a good deadlift for results, and when done carefully I see minimal downsides tbh.

It’s real individual though and of course they just don’t agree with some."
"Ok I’ll check it out thanks, also lmk if you want to e date bud"
"I hate how people justify having outside dogs. Like maybe unless you live on a farm and have multiple dogs, but otherwise don’t get the animal if you won’t give it affection and attention inside"
Thanks man I am taking training very serious I go to beyond the failure every set I do I can tell u that I believe that I work hard than anyone that training at my gym add to that I gain muscle very quickly maybe the hard work may be genetics may be both
Does he still have chance to qualify?
Can’t tell if you’re joking or not but I actually did poop a little bit
"No, this is the buy&amp;hold GME thread."
"No, you should definitely still be popping every day."
"Thanks man, will do"
"Important supplements would be a multivitamin, fish oil tablets and you could also get some creatine. MyProtein has the best (read: highest doses of stuff) multivitamins that I've found (they're called alpha man tablets on their website). Take 5g of creatine per day in your morning orange juice or shake, whatever. Ignore anyone that tells you to stack doses or any other weird tip involving creatine. There's a lot of fake bro science involving this supplement.

In terms of protein, just get basic whey. MyProtein also has the cheapest you can find, most folks just use that. The flavours can get tiring so I'd recommend getting a couple different flavours to swap between. If you're struggling to get in calories, you could try a weight gainer but check the ingredients so that it's not just packed with sugar, as many are. You want one where the carbs are from ground oats. You could also just buy a bag of oats and blend those into the protein powder. Remember real food is better, and I generally try not to exceed more than 3 scoops per day.

Preworkout is also nice to have for when you really need an extra boost for a workout. But, importantly, I don't use it before every workout. Probably twice a week. It can be fairly expensive and you don't want to find that you depend on it to get through a workout every day. Most are fine, I personally prefer ones with more than one stimulant, ie caffeine + beta alanine rather than just one stim source."
Size matters bro
Some good stuff man
Finally getting out of my horrible job. Taking a bit of a pay cut but I’m moving to a lot better company with huge growth potential. Turning in my resignation today and I can’t wait
More definition in lower back and forearm work.
"I get it and I agree, cant help seeing ""r/fitness mentality"" as a little pretentious/gatekeep still"
How many here identify as super straight?
"Its true, dont dreamerbulk"
No I have male pattern baldness
"Great shape,looking very impressive man!
Back is behind size wise tho,you gotta hit it HARD in the next offseason.
Good luck at your show"
looks to have something wrong w/ his shoulder. maybe a rotator injury. i have the same issue and it looks very similar to this.
Been waiting for that Titan Safety Squat Bar on their Scratch and Dent for a while now. Only a matter of time.
"no i dont eat before only after, and this feeling of vomiting only happens when im over head pressing and not on any other exercise"
"&gt;most people giving advice here shouldn't

Absolutely agreed. Way too many random people with zero source or credentials give advice they're just regurgitating."
"Gamma Bomb Week 2 is getting fun. 

The 60 seconds hanging from the pull up bar at the tail end is surprisingly brutal."
"Great physique, 👍"
thx killme
Seems like you started with posing training and couple years later you added bodybuiling for perfection
"Birdbox, not knowing what they saw freaks me out"
"Funny part of that video is when Guy tells the kid to meet him outside. Like brotha, you’re a bodybuilder who would get slept with one overhand."
Thanks man!
I think he's really good at burning every bridge possible
Is It a good choice going from.P.H.A.T during a Blast to P.H.U.L during PCT?
Are the Suns winning a chip?
Pretty much how it went down
Or maybe I’m secretly cruising and playing the long con.
Zero calorie monsters are absolutely delicious
"Either or. I like HCL better because I don’t seem to have any extra bloat whatsoever but the effects are the same for my strength. I also like the fact you can take less for the same effect. That’s because I only buy pure unflavored powders and mix together my own preworkout. Soooo much better *and* cheaper. I also recommend for anyone doing this to buy some [Blate Papes](https://www.amazon.com/Blate-Papes-Squares-Tasteless-Consumption/dp/B08H6V7BQC/) squares or pouches to swallow the powder. I used to make my own caps for a while, which sucked, then I tried holding my nose which sucked even more. This is the best way to take unflavored powders imo"
lmao can i get the link to this sounds funny
I don't max squat anymore because of a dodgy knee but I can do a 180 for a comfortable 2. Congrats on your PR!
jealous
Definitely don't go to  goatse dot cx
idk how reliable it would be since a lot of athletes will just blame their coach when something isn't working when in reality they were being bad soldiers or just don't work well with that coaching style. also don't know how much info people would be able to give out without exposing protocols which breaches most coach-client agreements. your best bet will always be to ask athletes you personally trust about their experiences
"The market as whole

  And yeah, they didn't seem to have much in stock either?



  Many places have them for similar or cheaper even considering shipping.  Not saying they are bad, just they seemed very in line with all other retailers for similar products. /shrug"
Literally no way for us to know this but probably not. Leave it alone and go to the doctor if it doesn’t stop hurting.
"Well, gyms in my country are being shut down for 3 weeks. Until then I have to resort to calisthenics. Will I lose progress on my main lifts?"
"It's a no brainer really. Bodybuilding is 100% about showing of your muscles as well as possible.  That's why guys get such ridiculous tans.

Tattoos are extremely counterproductive and when it's close the judge need to look for every flaw.

Also, if you can't keep your body clean for the sake of the sport you probably don't deserve it as much as the clean guy."
You look good dude. Just keep improving. 5 weeks to get better. Every 3 days you should see a slight difference.
Hell yeah!
"Yeah, sadly a lot of people that are into gym culture are also far right or into rugged individualism."